,Earthships are not your traditional house. They are completely off the grid. Experience what it’s like to live off rain water and the energy of the sun,It’s the beginning of December and there is a deep chill in the air.,While it has been an unusually warm year with low precipitation in the Taos region, right now there is snow on the ground and the below-freezing air bites at your face.,After spending most of the day in a well-heated car, the cold felt paralyzing when my girlfriend and I made our way to check in at the Earthship Biotecture Visitor Center.,I was checking into their newest model, the Picuris Earthship, named after the nearby Picuris Pueblo, which like the rest of the Earthships in the community was devoid of a heating system inside.,Earthships are not your traditional house. They do not have power lines connecting them to the outside power grid. The water isn’t piped in from a distant facility and the waste water isn’t well, wasted.,The Earthship community, or Greater World Community as it is formally called, is just outside of Taos, New Mexico.,This “experimental” community is the work of architect Michael Reynolds who has pushed the envelope on sustainable living.,It is home to permanent residents as well as travelers who can rent an Earthship and experience what it’s like to live off the energy of the sun.,I wasn’t worried about running out of water over the weekend and I assumed that the solar panels would convert enough sunlight to keep my phone and laptop charged.,I did wonder though, if there would be enough blankets to keep me warm. I heard that temperatures in the area had gone as low as -35 F, and while the forecast only showed it dropping into the low teens, I still wondered how I could possibly stay warm.,After checking in, we made our way down to the Picuris Earthship with Ryan Halpin, our guide who is building his own “Bachelorship”.,He gave us a tour and showed us how to use the ship during our stay. He opened the front door and lead us into the garage where, unknown to me at the time, a little pond with fish was cleaning water that had previously been used in the house.,My fears of freezing were immediately quelled as we made our way into the main part of the house.,A long hallway stretched out spanning the entire front of the house. The wall to the outside was made entirely of glass and let light from outside shine in turning the hallway into a long greenhouse.,Built-in planters snaked along the wall, filled with a variety of plants. A small banana tree stuck out as an impressive feat for the semi-arid climate in Taos.,The check-in guide brought us through all the rooms in the house, showing us how we could open vents from the main rooms to the greenhouse hallway to heat up the house.,Additional vents that led out through the back wall and earth to the outside could be opened to cool the house, a feature that we wouldn’t likely need in December, but would be useful in July.,Ryan showed us the water board that filtered the rain water to different levels according to how it would be used.,There was one filter that purified the water to drinking standards and another filter that purified it to showering and washing standards.,Each sink in the house was equipped with two faucets, one for drinking and another for washing your hands or doing the dishes.,The water that flushes down the toilet isn’t the filtered rain water.,Instead, water that has already been used at the sink runs through a purifying system of the plants in the greenhouse.,Unlike a typical house, an Earthship isn’t flushing perfectly good drinking water down the toilet.,Throughout the house, there are lights just like a normal house, though during the day you hardly need to flip a switch because so much light is let in from outside.,The solar panels on the roof collect the light from the sun and convert it into energy to be used in the house.,The energy is stored into a battery bank in the garage. All appliances in the house are energy efficient and they ask guests to not use hair-dryers and other energy hungry devices.,As we finished our tour of the Earthship, I was awestruck with how innovative this building was. One, it produces all the water and electricity needed to live comfortably.,Two, it provides a source of home-grown foods. Best of all, it does all this discreetly. If I hadn’t been told about all its functions, I would have thought it was just a fancy house with a greenhouse attached.,It combines utility and function into an elegant and sustainable atmosphere.,I spent the rest of the evening saying, at an annoying frequency, “I can’t believe how incredible this place is.”,The next morning, we took advantage of not being in a hotel and made breakfast on the range in the Earthship.,Our home-cooked bacon and egg breakfast was cooked with one of the few things the Earthship didn’t directly provide us with – gas.,Though only a small amount of gas is used in cooking and it’s nothing compared to what a house would use for heat, it is worth noting that it still uses a small amount.,It would have been easy to spend all day relaxing inside, but the outdoors was pouring in through the massive windows beckoning us out to explore.,After driving over the Rio Grande Gorge the previous day, we were eager to get a better look.,Just down the road from the Greater World Community, seemingly out of nowhere, the earth opens and the giant crevasse carved by the Rio Grande spans out into the distance.,Fences line the edge and offer a little peace of mind when you look into the depths below, but vertigo still plagued my girlfriend as we walked out onto the bridge.,She grabbed hold of me for reassurance and fought her fears for the sake of the view.,Local vendors parked their cars and trucks next to the bridge and set up tables filled with Native American jewelry, art, relics, and other knick-knacks.,We stopped by to admire the assortment of crafts and talk with the locals. After a few friendly conversations and a ring purchase later we decided to delve further into the Native American culture and head to the Taos Pueblo.,We headed over the bridge and out to the Taos Pueblo without really knowing what was ahead.,I hadn’t done much research other than I knew it was the oldest continually inhabited dwelling in the United States.,Small green road signs pointed us in the right direction, designating the way to the pueblo. We found a parking spot in a muddy lot and made our way to the registration check-in that another sign told us was mandatory.,After paying a small fee, the attendant said we were free to wander through on our own or if we preferred we could wait for the guided tour.,The next tour didn’t begin for 30 minutes, so we planned to wander through the adobe structures on our own, trying to fathom what life was like here a thousand years ago.,Most of the houses were still devoid of running water and electricity. Smoke poured out of some of the chimneys of the occupied homes and one woman was sweeping off her roof.,Like we had gone back in time, it was a life without the modern conveniences that most of us have come to take for granted.,Engrossed in our surroundings, the time slipped by and we nearly missed the next tour. We made it back to the guide just in time and found out there was no one else on the tour.,We had our own personal guide who led us around and told us about the history of the town.,The multi-story adobe buildings have stood the test of time, though it wasn’t always easy. Our guide said there had been multiple wars on the pueblo and its people.,Attacks came from the Spanish and other Native American tribes, as well as the United States government.,One of the biggest successes for the people here was when former President Nixon gave back the land that held their sacred Blue Lake. The land had previously been taken by Theodore Roosevelt.,After the tour, we wandered through the alleys of the adobe buildings heading for the ones with smoke coming out of the top.,Some of the inhabitants opened their homes for visitors to come in and see the goods they were selling and get a glimpse into the ancient lifestyle. Breakfast had long since worn off by the time we found a home that was selling homemade food.,We jumped at the opportunity and had a delicious bowl of chili and some fry bread. The one-room shop was manned by a single woman.,A tiny kitchen was nestled in the far corner and a counter separated it from the lone table where we took our lunch. We talked with the shopkeeper about her family.,She told us in a worried voice how many of them had gone to North Dakota to protest the pipeline.,Like the protesters in North Dakota, water is important to the people of the Taos Pueblo because their drinking water comes from a stream. We thanked her for the meal and the conversation as we headed out.,On our way back, I couldn’t help but think of the similarities between the pueblo and the Earthship community. Both were off the grid. Both held a high respect for nature.,The Earthships felt like the modern-day pueblo. Maybe the Earthship community will still be around in another thousand years.,Laying in a hammock poolside at Ojo Caliente. Photo by Gabriela Rodriguez.,The following day we said our goodbyes to the Earthship. The home had taken care of us and it felt like we were saying goodbye to a good friend as we closed the garage for the final time.,We made our way south to the Ojo Caliente Mineral Springs where we had a day of relaxation and soaking in the geo-thermal mineral waters.,I have always felt that the last day of a trip gets spoiled by thoughts of going back to reality.,That doesn’t happen when you are too busy letting your troubles melt away in one of the many soaking pools.,There are four different types of spring waters at Ojo Caliente Mineral Springs, each boasting different benefits. My personal favorite was the mud bath.,Mud water flows out of the four spouts. You can cover your body with it before rinsing off in the mud bath.,It was a chilly day, but after cooking in the pools of hot water I hardly noticed.,Private soaking tubs are also available for private relaxation.,On extra cold days, tell the staff you would like the fire to be lit before you check in for the private soak. This will provide the added warmth of the fire next to you.,As a last-ditch effort to avoid going back to reality, I spent 80 minutes under the hands of the talented Catherine Borner getting an “Ancient Echoes” massage at Ojo Caliente Mineral Springs.,I drifted in and out of consciousness in a state of pure bliss as she massaged my head and shoulders. The time disappeared quickly, as did all my stress. It was the perfect way to end the weekend.,Earthship Biotecture
575-613-4409
visitorcenter@earthship.com
earthship.com,Taos Pueblo
575-758-1028
taospueblo.com,Ojo Caliente Mineral Springs Resort & Spa
505-583-2233
guestrelations@ojospa.com
ojospa.com,Japan is filled with history, culture and breath-taking nature. Here is a list of the top things to do in Japan.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Japan is one of the most unique countries with its fascinating history. There will be attractions for both outdoor enthusiasts and those who prefer quiet recreation and privacy with nature and the history of the area. ,Japan is just a place for everyone, so if you’ve come to find activities to have fun here – you’re at the right place! But before you go, here’s a list of the most popular tours in Japan:,A significant part of Japanese culture is centered around onsen, the Japanese name for a hot spring. Due to the active volcanic area, there are thousands of hot springs in Japan, which are often used by the Japanese to relax.,The most popular onsen in Japan is in the vicinity of Nikko, at the foothills of Mount Fuji, then in the west of Shikoku Island, as well as Hakone hot springs. Also, one of the most famous onsens is located in Kinosaki, near Kyoto.,Entry into the public onsen is prohibited for persons who have tattoos. However, in private guesthouses, Ryokan often do not have the entry ban rule for tattoos.,If you enjoy relaxing in water temperatures up to 40 degrees Celsius (104 Fahrenheit), be sure to visit the onsen. Keep in mind that in such warm water, you can only sit for about 10 minutes, and then you should take a break.,Hiroshima is a city in southern Japan known for being hit by an atomic bomb during World War II. Although everything was destroyed within 2 kilometers (1.24 miles) of the explosion site, the city was rebuilt. Many tourists come to visit Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park and Museum.,One of the biggest tourist attractions in Hiroshima is the A-Bomb Dome, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. This building served to promote the Hiroshima industry, and as the atomic bomb exploded, it remained one of the few buildings that was not demolished.,When you are in Hiroshima, you can visit the Mazda Museum. The famous automaker has opened the museum and parts of the factory for the public. You will learn more about the history of this brand, and you will see the vehicle assembly line and popular car models.,Sumo is a national sport in Japan. It’s the kind of wrestling where the winner is the competitor who throws an opponent out of the ring. The match lasts briefly, just seconds.,The best opportunity to watch sumo wrestlers live is at one of the big tournaments held each year in Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Fukuoka. Most tournaments are organized at the Kokugikan sumo stadium, located in Tokyo’s Ryogoku district. The tournaments last for 15 days each, so you can also coordinate your stay in Japan with one of these events.,Kyoto was the capital of Japan for a long time until 1869. That is the reason why the city has many old temples and castles. There is also a former imperial palace, one of the main tourist attractions of this city.,Gion is a famous district of Kyoto with geishas. You can find many restaurants, teahouses and shops here. Other trendy tourist spots in Kyoto are Fushimi Inari shrine, Kinkaku-Ji temple and Monkey Park Iwatayama. But, the most famous place is Arashiyama Bamboo Forest, a beautiful 4 km (2.48 miles) walking trail.,Kyoto is also the best place in Japan to admire cherry blossoms. The cherry blossom season usually starts in March.,A fascinating place in Kyoto is the Nishiki Market. This centuries-old market features locally produced fresh seafood and Kyoto specialties. If you love to explore new flavors, this is an excellent place for you.,This Kyoto early bird tour gives you an opportunity to enjoy one of Japan’s most popular travel destinations without crowds.,Located on Honshu Island, Mount Fuji is a volcano whose peak is covered with snow for most of the year. The last eruption was about 300 years ago, but it is still active.,For the Japanese, Mount Fuji is one of three sacred mountains. Each year, about 200,000 people climb to the highest peak at 3,776 meters (12,388 feet) above sea level.,Mount Fuji is an inspiration to many artists, and it is found in many paintings and souvenirs. There are also special tours where guides take you to unique places with the most beautiful views of Mount Fuji.,Take this tour and enjoy Mount Fuji with a professional guide.,Shinkansen bullet trains organize public transport in Japan very well. They are operated by Japan Railways, and the lines connect all parts of the country. Bullet trains’ speed is up to 320 km an hour (almost 200 miles an hour).,You can discover Japan via nine Shinkansen lines that connect the most prominent cities, like Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya, Fukuoka and Kyoto. Tickets for bullet trains can be bought at ticket machines or offices, and online.,You are allowed two pieces of luggage with you on the bullet train. Also, trains have space for passengers in wheelchairs, as well as elevators and escalators. Trains in the Shinkansen network are safe, comfortable and arrive on time.,If you are looking for low-budget accommodation in Japan, capsule hotels are an interesting option. Capsule hotels are mostly located around train stations, and some have segregated areas for men and women.,Each capsule is equipped with a mattress, pillow and blanket. Also, you can use TV, radio, alarm clock, power outlets and wi-fi internet. You can share showers, toilets and washrooms with other guests, like in a hostel. ,Some of the capsule hotels provide lounge rooms, video games, libraries and machines with foods and drinks.,The first association with Japanese food is probably sushi. This dish is a trademark of Japanese cuisine and the most famous Japanese dish in the world. The combination of rice, fish and vegetables, with a beautiful arrangement, is a dish that the Japanese adore. In Japan, you can eat Oshi sushi, Nigiri sushi, Temaki sushi, etc.,The second-most-famous Japanese dish is ramen. This dish consists of soup, ramen noodles and additions like mushrooms, eggs or chicken. In addition to sushi and ramen, miso soup is often eaten in Japan. Other famous Japanese dishes you should try are shabu-shabu, katsudon, kare raisu and tempura.,When it comes to Japanese drinks, make sure to try sake. It is an alcoholic beverage made from rice. Drinking green tea, of course, goes without saying.,The Japanese people are very respectful of their heritage. A large number of tourists visit Shinto shrines and Buddhist temples that you can find all over Japan. The most famous shrines and temples in Japan are the Sensoji Temple in Tokyo and Todaiji Temple in Nara, as well as the Fushimi Inari shrine in Kyoto.,You will recognize shrines by wooden torii gates. You must follow the rules of conduct when visiting shrines and temples.,Some temples are used as monasteries. Each temple also has rooms where sacred objects, like statues of Buddha, are stored. There are also lecture halls for teaching. The most famous Buddhist temples in Japan are Kinkaku-Ji, Hokoku-Ji and Kiyomizu-Dera temple.,The capital of Japan has more than 20 million people and many areas with exciting places to visit.,Harajuku is the hub for Japanese pop culture, with many fashion shops.,The largest business and entertainment area in Tokyo is Shinjuku. It is famous for clubs and karaoke rooms, as well as bars and restaurants. Some of the most popular places there are Robot restaurant and Metropolitan Government Office, with observation decks.,Shibuya is the most famous shopping area in Tokyo. Famous Shibuya Crossing is also located there.,If you love electronics, you will be in love with the Akihabara district in central Tokyo. There are plenty of shops with electronic gadgets. We recommend visiting the Tokyo Anime Center and Radio Kaikan.,If you want to explore traditional craft shops, Asakusa is an excellent place. Popular tourist spots in this area are Hanayashiki amusement park and Sensoji temple. Also, you can taste Japanese beer, sweets and street food here.,Another great place worth visiting in Tokyo is Ueno Park, with many museums and the Ueno zoo. You will be delighted with the museum exhibitions, especially with the Tokyo Metropolitan Art Museum and the Tokyo National Museum.,🏘️ Book your accommodation,Booking.com will help you to book accommodation in advance and check availability on the days of your trip,✈️ Book your flight in advance,To find the cheapest flight options, you can use WayAway and find the most suitable option for you,🧾 Get your tickets and guided tours,with GetYourGuide and Viator to get the most out of your journey,Looking for things to do in Tokyo? Check out these tours:,Understanding Japanese Culture Mythology and Lifestyle Through Study of Shinto,Private 90-Min. Elite Ninja or Samurai Experience: Stealth Walk, Shuriken, Sword,Private Tokyo Photography Walking Tour with a Professional Photographer,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagna. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,This is invaluable information and inspiration for travelers visiting Japan. This beautiful country has
something for everyone. I would love to explore its architectural and natural wonders and savor
culinary delights.,Thank you for taking the time to create such a useful resource.,Turin is famed worldwide for its cafes and pastry shops, exquisite wines and expensive truffles.,Italy’s Piedmont region is hidden in the extreme northwest, nestled against the French border. One of the most important economic and industrial areas of the country, Piedmont also boasts pristine natural gifts in her mountains and lakes. Perhaps mercifully, this fascinating and beautiful corner of Italy has been bypassed by the armies of tourists who have captured Venice, Florence and Rome. That is about to change.,The capital, Turin, hosts the 20th Winter Olympic Games this month (February 10–26, 2006). Home to 862,000, Turin is at the same time enchanting and modern, regal and bohemian, elegant and raw, glorious and passionate.,With close to 2 million visitors expected during the Olympics, Turin will no longer be anonymous. But forget the 13th century baroque architecture of the Savoy family dynasty, which ruled the city until 1536 when it was occupied by the French. Forget the modern industrial powerhouse of Italy’s automobile industry, and don’t think about the exceptional art collections and legendary nightlife of the city. What will all those people eat?,Fortunately, Italians do not often miss a good meal, and Turin is no exception. But with the enormous variety of bread, pasta, cheese, meat, fish and wine to choose from, you need a bit of advice. The truth is, just about anything will taste good; but I found the best foods of Turin to be truffles, Barolo wine and chocolate.,Turin ’s most famous gastronomic celebrity, the truffle (tartufo), is a fungus that grows just below ground among the roots of hardwood trees. While the black truffle proffers a mild flavor that diminishes with cooking, its royal cousin, the white truffle, has a pungent, powerful taste that stands up to pasta, risotto or any cut of meat. Available in limited areas and only in late autumn, Italy’s most precious white truffles come from around Turin, and are spectacularly expensive.,Truffle collection is shrouded in stealth and mystery. Specially bred dogs sniff out the treasure for their masters. Once removed from the ground and wrapped carefully in delicate linen handkerchiefs, the prize is carried to local markets. They are sold in quiet stalls away from the bustle and din of merchants selling more common goods. Prices for white truffles (which are ten times as expensive as black truffles) routinely exceed US$ 1,000 per pound.,Hours later, your waiter shaves wafer-thin slices onto your meal. The number of shavings determines the price, which will vary from stratospheric to ridiculous. The rich, smoky and aromatic delight is worth every euro.,Wash down your truffles (along with remorse at the cost) with a glass of Barolo, which has a deep garnet color and rich, heady flavor. Barolo is produced from the finest of the regional nebbiolo grapes. Nebbiolo is derived from the Italian word nebbia, for fog. The grapes are harvested in late October, when an intense fog settles into the Barolo region where nebbioli thrive.,Barolo is aged a minimum of three, but more commonly up to eight years before it is sold. Top Barolo wines regularly win recognition at international competitions, and are widely considered Italy’s best. In a typical Turin restaurant, expect to pay US$ 50 to US$ 75 for a good bottle. Some labels will run well over US$ 100.,For dessert, it is hard to imagine a more delicious combination of sins than tasty local chocolate and a fresh-pulled espresso. Turin’s love affair with chocolate dates back to the 16th century, when Emmanuel Philbert of the ruling house of Savoy toasted victory over the French with a cup of steaming hot chocolate.,By the mid-1700s, Turin’s gentry — politicians, popular artists and nobles — met regularly in the dignified atmosphere of fine cafés where they enjoyed bicerin, a mix of hot chocolate, espresso and whipped cream. The drink, named for the small, rounded glass in which it is served, is still a tradition today.,The modern star of Turin’s chocolate industry is gianduja, a smooth delight of chocolate and hazelnuts. The city is filled with small, elegant shops selling every imaginable shape, size and variety of the chocolate, including milk chocolate and bittersweet.,It is easy to fall in love with Turin. The elegant architecture and extraordinary array of museums will satisfy your intellectual curiosity. For more visceral desires, the bohemian bar and music scene exceed expectations. The 2006 Winter Olympic Games will add a layer of intense passion to the already vibrant feel of the city. And everyone will be happy with the three culinary superstars: truffles, Barolo wine and chocolate.,If You Go,Dining in Turin is a wonderful adventure. Historic, elegant restaurants in the city center compete with the youthful funky bistro scene of the Roman Quarter. The international dining options are some of the best in Italy. You can even enjoy genuine pizza from Naples. Here are four excellent choices:,Ristorante del Cambio,Piazza Carignano #2,Regal furnishings and lofty crystal chandeliers exude the elegance of the city’s past. The kitchen serves continental specialties prepared to perfection.,Il Punto Verde,Via San Massimo #17,Their version of the local favorite,bagna cauda, “warm bath” (a warm dip for bread and vegetables, traditionally made with olive oil, butter, anchovies and garlic, sometimes cream), should not be missed. The exclusively vegetarian fare, superb presentations and an excellent wine list make Punto Verde a vegetarian’s dream.,Pizzeria da Gennaro Esposito,Via Passalacqua #1g,The best of many authentic Neapolitan pizzerias, and loved by local residents.,Chocolate shops,You’ll find chocolate shops on almost every street. Here are three of the best.,Guardia Costantino Pasticceria (Via San Francesco d’Assisi #17) has served chocolate delights for more than 100 years.,Ghigo Pasticceria (Via Po #52/b) is one of Turin’s most famous specialty chocolate stores.,Piacere di Cioccolato (Via Monte di Pietà #15b) features new creations daily.,Insider’s Tip,Turin ’s modern history is based on the automobile industry. But don’t try driving your car there; traffic is terrible, and parking is impossible. There are no direct flights from North America to Turin. Once in Europe, catch one of the many discount airlines (Ryan Air, Air One or Easy Jet), instead. Alternatively, travel by train to Milan and transfer by train or bus to Turin.,Purchase a “Torino Card Cultural Olympiad” for US$ 28 (valid for 48 hours), US$ 32 (72 hours) or US$ 53 (5 days) at Turismo Torino Information centers. It grants free entry into more than 140 museums and castles, offers reductions on theater and concert ticket, and allows free rides on all metropolitan public transport, including Olympic shuttle buses.,Turin Tourism,www.turismotorino.org,Italian Government Tourist Office,www.enit.it, ,For laid-back charm and genuine local life, nothing matches the smaller Riviera towns.,Outside an ancient stone house in the quaint medieval quarter of Antibes, on the French Riviera, a sign in antiquated French reads: “Napoleon never slept here.” Just then, a man approaches to enter. He tells my wife Annie and me that some of the women in Napoleon’s family actually did stay there while the future Emperor was briefly imprisoned at Antibes during the French Revolution.,In fact, Napoleon’s mother did her son’s laundry at an open-air public wash-house, just around the corner on the adjacent winding street. We head off for a look, and there it is, carefully restored as a historic site—a large stone tub, full of water, under a red tile roof. In France, even the laundry of the country’s most famous historic figure is worthy of note. which makes poking around the back alleyways of old Antibes so rewarding.,We find that for charm and personal encounters, nothing matches the smaller Riviera towns. The glitzy places like Cannes, Nice and Monaco are dominated by big tourist hotels and throngs of up-scale shoppers. The low-key and lesser known centers offer genuine local life, pleasant surprises, and rich history.,One highlight of Antibes is a wonderful little Picasso museum set in a renovated old villa where the artist worked very productively in 1946, while living there with his mistress. For anyone who has struggled with the crowds in larger museums to see his work, the visit is refreshing.,The building is small and simple. There are no long lines. Annie and I are able to stroll through at our leisure, get right up close and personal with the works, and enjoy them without feeling pressed to move on. There is also a pleasant outdoor cafe with a view of the Cap d’Antibes.,An alternative for coffee, a full meal, or a drink of stronger stuff, is the historic Cafe Absinthe, from the 1850s. As much a museum as a place to imbibe that distillation of former ill repute, its 19th century patrons included the poets Baudelaire and Verlaine. The quirky decor includes old water fountains, pianos, and antique bottles of wine.,Farther west along the Mediterranean is an enchanting compact port and beach town, Cassis. Laid back, safe and friendly, it curves around a bustling harbor packed with yachts and sport-fishing boats. A commercial fleet sells its daily catch right along the main embankment. An old castle, high on a bluff, overlooks the beachfront.,A short boat ride around a headland takes us into the region’s most notable natural feature, the calanques. This network of fjords, a wonderland of water and towering walls of stone, could be mistaken for Norway.,Ramparts of rock soar straight up; we crane our necks to see the top. Scattered across the vertical faces, nearly 1000 feet high, stunted windswept junipers cling bravely to the odd crevice. The layering and subtle colors turn the cliffs into abstract canvases painted by a giant. A couple of bright red kayaks paddle by, where the sea laps at the limestone. They are so dwarfed by the vast geological dream scape that they look like toys.,There is a lot to see and do here. A stroll along the beach promenade reveals some typically French scenes. At an ornate carousel, tots prance up and down on horses and whirl like dervishes in tiny cars. Men play boules in a dusty square fringed by outdoor cafes. A perfume and soap factory sells subtle fragrances, such as pink grapefruit. A dark wine bar dripping with atmosphere serves up glasses of unique local vintages grown right on the nearby slopes.,We take a bottle back to our hotel room, where the tiny balcony, with wrought iron railings, looks out on a narrow cobblestone street. Steps from the waterfront shops and restaurants, it is clean, cheerful, and charges $100 a night.,Mealtimes bring difficult choices. At one lunch, Annie has a salad with tartare of fresh tuna, while I opt for the giant prawns, smoked salmon and minced crab. At dinner, she has grilled dorado with fennel. I am tempted by the oysters, but choose the exquisite sea bass with a herb crust. And always, there is the wine, the cheeses and the espresso.,Our stay in Cassis is brief, but blessed by the warm weather of late May. We hang out in shorts and t-shirts and swim in the Med from a beach lined with palms. The last evening, a rainbow appears in the sky.,Travelers should not overlook the Italian Riviera, full of authentic small-town life and character. One well-kept secret is Finale Ligure, a lovely stretch of coastal villages just east of Monaco with a rich and diverse history. The 15-year-old Margaret Theresa of Spain stopped briefly in 1666 while on her way to Vienna to marry Leopold I, the Holy Roman Emperor.,A triumphal arch commemorating the event dominates the central piazza, which is lined with cafes and restaurants and full of kids on bikes or kicking around soccer balls. A few miles away is the village of Varigotti with its distinctive seaside Moorish houses. These were built in the ninth and tenth centuries by the Muslim Saracens, who ruled the region for nearly a century.,We stay at a captivating boutique hotel, Punta Est, consisting of several elegant villas, nestled in palms and pines and perched on a cliff high above a perfect beach. Deep beneath is a natural limestone cave with a large wooden hot tub, dim lighting and comfortable furniture.,The dining is exceptional, including seafood specialties and local Ligurian wines. When the double-doors of our room are left open, we are lulled by the song of birds and the roar of surf far below. It is a place of magic and romance.,If You Go:,A great way to visit these Riviera ports is on a small but deluxe cruise ship.
See www.seadream.com,Antibes Tourism
www.antibes-juanlespins.co.uk,Cassis Tourism
www.ot.cassis.com/en/,Hotel Punta Est, Finale Ligure
www.puntaest.com/peen80.htm,These little towns are on my bucket list!,The ancient temples of Angkor Wat are the top attraction in Siem Reap, but there is so much more to discover in this welcoming Cambodian town.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,It’s dark and the path is rocky. I stumble, but catch myself, intent on the destination. It’s 5 a.m. in Siem Reap, and the dim outline of Angkor Wat looms in the distance.,My husband, Benjamin, and I have joined others hiking toward the famous ancient icon of Cambodia. Sunrise is the best time to see the temple, and that’s what we aim to do.,One of the largest religious monuments in the world, Angkor Wat casts a commanding presence. Originally built as a Hindu temple, it became a Buddhist temple in the 12th century.,As we reach our destination along a lake near the temple, the gray sky slowly turns to pink above Angkor Wat. The scene reflects in the lake, creating a stunning double image that draws oohs and aahs from the crowd.    ,Angkor Wat is just one of the many ancient temples at Angkor Archeological Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The temples were built from the 9th to the 13th century by the kings of the mighty Khmer Empire, which once ruled what is now Cambodia, Thailand, Laos and southern Vietnam. Their sheer power is evident in the massive stone complexes that climb into the sky.,Like most visitors, we start our exploration at Angkor Wat itself. Our hotel, FCC Angkor, has provided a guide, and he is a wealth of knowledge. As we clamor up narrow stairs and walk along ancient hallways, he regales us with stories of those who built this place.,From there, we visit other temples – Bayon, with its giant stone faces, Banteay Srei and Ta Prohm, where Indiana Jones Temple of Doom and Tomb Raider were filmed.,Lesser-known temples like Beung Mealea, Srah Srang and Preah Khan have few visitors. It feels like we’re alone, stepping back into the past.  ,Visiting Angkor Archeological Park is an all-day event. Fortunately, we’re just 10 minutes from our hotel, so we can go back for breakfast after sunrise before returning to the park.,FCC Angkor by Avani Hotels and Resorts is our base for the first part of the week. Once the elegant mansion of the French colonial governor and home to the Foreign Correspondents Club, FCC Angkor has been beautifully renovated as a small luxury resort.  ,Its prime location along the river near the Royal Residence is just a 10-minute walk from Pub Street, which is ever-popular with locals and tourists, and near many shops and restaurants. ,Set amidst tropical flora, fountains and trees, the resort has a peaceful feel. Its 80 colonial-style rooms and suites are decorated with hints of its past. I’m thrilled to find an old typewriter in our room.,We enjoy sitting at the Scribe, a contemporary take on the colonial-era bar, and dining on the terrace at the Mansion, the hotel’s signature restaurant. The hotel’s newly expanded Visaya Spa offers treatments that combine ancient Khmer techniques with modern spa treatments.,I’m most impressed, though, by FCC Angkor’s involvement in the local community. Their recommendations of what to do allow us to meet locals and experience Siem Reap in an authentic way.,Though Cambodia went through an unimaginable war a generation ago, I’m touched by their resiliency. Cambodians have a well-earned reputation for being friendly and gentle — and I see this firsthand when we explore the city. We’re treated with kindness and a welcoming smile.,Getting around in Siem Reap is simple. Tuk-tuks, a motorbike with a passenger cart, are everywhere, and cost just a few dollars per ride.,The hotel has recommended we dine at Haven Restaurant, a restaurant with a mission. Listed by TripAdvisor as one of the top restaurants in the city, its goal is to train young Cambodians from orphanages, shelters and poor communities in the restaurant business.,Founded by Sara and Paul Wallimann, a Swiss couple who fell in love with Cambodia, Haven trains young men and women to be chefs and restaurant professionals.,Chatting with Paul and the staff, it’s clear this is a labor of love. And the food? It’s excellent. I almost wish we lived in Siem Reap so we could dine here often.,From there, we visit Ammo Jewelry. The small shop makes exquisite jewelry and offers 90-minute jewelry classes. While Ben and I try our hand at engraving on brass, we learn that the shop trains disadvantaged youth in the art of jewelry design.,We chat with several young artisans as they work, then visit the Ammo store. I go home with several pieces, including a silver necklace that is my own name written in Khmer.,Just a short tuk-tuk ride from there is Kandall Village, Siem Reap’s rising arts district filled with galleries, cafes and boutiques. Tribe Urban Art Gallery, among the best known, showcases established and new local artists.,In the evening, we find ourselves sitting under a Big Top Tent. Phare, The Cambodian Circus, is one of the top tourist attractions in Siem Reap. Phare uses modern circus acts, music and theater to tell authentic Cambodian stories – and it has an altruistic goal too.,The nightly events support free schools, professional arts training and social programs in northwest Cambodia. The circus is professional and entertaining, and it feels good to support their endeavors.,Wanting to experience a different side of the city, we head to Anantara Angkor Resort for a few days. The boutique resort has 39 luxury suites and is known for its first-class service and top restaurant.,Our large room, with teak wood trimming and Khmer-inspired design, includes a patio overlooking restful pools, tropical foliage and colorful flowers.,All guests receive chauffeured roundtrip airport transport, and a ritual footbath upon arrival, as well as unlimited tut-tuk transfers to and from the city center.,The hotel staff gives us a private mobile phone to use while we’re in Siem Reap, and we can call anytime we need a ride.  The Experience Butler helps us create a list of places to visit during our stay.,As a spa lover, I’m eager to visit Anantara Spa. Cambodia’s identity and culture are intrinsically linked to its beliefs, and those beliefs can be seen in all aspects of life, including the treatments of the Anantara Spa.,Each treatment and the rituals that are part of it follow Khmer healing practices and traditions in a holistic approach to modern enlightenment. The goal is to be able to focus the mind, harness your energies and emerge refreshed and purified.,For me, that means a soothing foot bath, followed by a relaxing massage. Afterward, while I’m enjoying hot jasmine tea, I’m invited to write my prayers or wishes on small waxy green leaves, which the staff will present later at the temple. The whole experience is moving, and I walk out refreshed.,Cambodia is a mostly agrarian society. Fertile farmland, especially along the Mekong, produces rice, fruits and many vegetables.,Today, we get to visit one of those farms with Chef Sotho, the head chef at Anantara Angkor. It’s part of Spice Spoons, Anantara’s Signature Cooking School. Sometimes the class visits a bustling local market with Chef to purchase fresh produce; other times, like today, we get to visit a local organic farm.,Chef, Ben and I hop into a tuk-tuk, and head onto the streets of Siem Reap. Even though there are few stoplights, the never-ending flow of motorcycles (some with whole families aboard), tuk-tuks, rickshaws and cars flow well together.,In minutes, we’ve left the city behind and drive on dirt roads through the countryside. Eventually, we are met by a farmer with his oxcart. He’ll take us the rest of the way to the farm, so we happily climb aboard.,Oxen are an important part of farming here. Unlike horses, they can work in wet fields, and their lanky, but strong frames and docile manners make them easy to work with.,When we arrive, Chef greets a woman hand-watering a row of leeks with dual cans hanging from her shoulders, then we walk through a tidy row of lettuce and fragrant herbs. We duck through a tunnel of cucumbers climbing with gusto over a wooden frame and pick several for our dinner.,All the while, he tells us of growing up on a farm just like this. It was only after an injury when he couldn’t farm, that he got a job at a hotel restaurant. The chef there saw his raw talent and taught him all he could.

Today, it’s Chef Sotho who is sharing his expert knowledge of cooking with us. Back at Anantara, he shows us how to prep the ingredients, and then make fresh spring rolls, Khmer chicken curry and taro root with sago.

While Ben and I are not known for our cooking, we enjoy the class immensely. We can’t wait to take this little bit of Cambodia home with us, in the recipes and knowledge that Chef Sotho has given us.,All too soon, it’s time to head home. At the airport, though, we find our flight has been cancelled. How will we make our connecting flight home to the States?,The local gate agent hears our worry and quickly says in English: “No problem. We’ll take care of you.”

And he does, with quick and efficient movements. As he hands us our boarding passes, he comments: “You know, I really like your people. Thanks for visiting Cambodia.”,We laugh and reply, “Well, we like your people too!”,And as I walk to our gate, I mull over his words. The Cambodian people, I’ve found, are the real treasures of Siem Reap.    ,Plan your Cambodian adventure to Siem Reap today. Explore the exquisite amenities, outdoor excursions, luxury spa treatments and book a room at Anantara Angkor here.,For all of your other travel needs, such as flight deals, train tickets and car rental options, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,Author Bio: Janna Graber has covered travel in more than 55 countries. She is the editor of three travel anthologies, including “A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel,” and is the managing editor of Go World Travel Magazine.,Note: The author was a guest of Avani Hotels & Resorts and Anantara Angkor,Explore the U.K. beyond a classic London adventure with a trip to York to see the stunning Roman Walls, famous York Minister and visit all the legendary pubs.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,York is a time capsule of Roman and Medieval Britain. It is undeniably magical.,Narrow, cobblestone streets enveloped by timbered buildings lead you toward York Minster, a 13th-century phenomenon that inconspicuously looms over the city. The city’s pubs are legendary, each with its own history of ghosts or famous faces who once drank at the bar.,The Danes occupied the city in 867 and rebuilt much of the Roman Walls (remnants of which can still be seen to this day). The walls are free to walk on and provide extraordinary views of the city. As the flowers bloom in spring, there are few prettier sights in the country.,Whether you’re planning a UK adventure, or looking for a day/night trip away from London, York has you covered and you’ll be planning your return as soon as you leave its Roman gates.,Start your day on Fossgate at one of the many cafes, such as the Hairy Fig or Kiosk Cafe, indulging in a specialty coffee with a buttery pastry on the side. From there, head into the city to the Shambles, one of the best-preserved medieval streets in the world. Mind your head as the 14th and 15th-century buildings hang over you.,‘Shambles’ is derived from Old English meaning “meat market” – which is exactly what this old street once was. Though now, its claim to fame is being the inspiration for the set of Diagon Alley in the Harry Potter films. ,It may be a small street, but exploring its shops and alleyways will take some time.,Top up your energy at Ye Olde Pie and Sausage Shoppe and visit York Minster. For the best views of the Minster, walk to it via Stonegate; it will appear through a small alleyway called Minster Gates (where the old cathedral gates once stood). It’s a perfect view for photographs.,You can tour York Minster (tickets cost £12.50) and climb its 275 steps to the rooftop for sublime views of York.,Head round the corner for an afternoon drink at Guy Fawkes Inn. This old Georgian House was once the home of the infamous rebel Guy Fawkes 400 years ago; choose to sit in the cosy interior or sit by the murals in the pretty pub garden.,Head back to explore more of what York has to offer in the evening. Stonegate is one of the city’s main shopping streets and is lined with window displays, pubs and bars, should you choose to indulge in another drink.,House of Trembling Madness is an eclectic medieval-style bar serving niche Belgian beers – many of which you can buy to take home with you. For a classic pub, head to Ye Olde Starre Inne, the city’s oldest licensed inn (established in 1644), or the haunted Punch Bowl.,For dinner, treat yourself to a meal at nearby Forest, one of the prettiest restaurants inside and out. Its rustic setting matches its light menu of British classics with some European dishes too.,For a nightcap, head around the corner to Bora Bora for a colourful cocktail or two. For a quieter finish to the night, nearby Pivní serves artisanal beers in a 16th-century half-timbered townhouse.,Begin your second day at York Cocoa House with a luxurious hot chocolate to take away and stroll down the S Esplanade.,The cobblestone stretch runs directly by the River Ouse – a popular spot for rowers and people-watching. At the head of the path, you’ll come to a picturesque blue bridge which you can cross for a route back into the city centre.,You’ll pass Clifford’s Tower, a 13th-century castle and former prison built on a steep, grassy mound which dominates the area.,A great activity for the kids (or enthusiasts of Vikings in general), nearby Jorvik Viking Centre is an interactive exhibit depicting Viking settlements unearthed in the 1970s. Ride the monorail and see the 9th-century old city of Jorvik (Viking for “York”). ,For lunch, the Shambles Kitchen is the perfect stop before your afternoon activities. This sweet hole-in-the-wall shop serves up eclectic, filling sandwiches for a reasonable price. Plus, it’s another excuse to see the Shambles, and even have a quick look inside The Shop That Must Not Be Named.,Now it’s time for the walk York’s Walls. From the Shambles, stroll up Stonegate and Peasholme Green and begin the City Wall Walk from Jewbury. From here you’ll arc north of the city and get wonderful views of the Minster amongst the trees, as well as the greens and gothic architecture of the city. Make sure you bring your camera!,You will descend from the narrow staircase back into the city at Bootham Bar (‘bar’ Old English for gate’).,Before your evening meal, explore York Museum Gardens, nearby Bootham Bar. The gardens are a haven of pretty paths and archaeological treasures, including Roman ruins.,Another gem is the Hospitium, located down a romantic winding path, built in the 1300s and now a Listed building was originally a guest house for visitors to the nearby St Mary’s Abbey.,Finish your weekend at the Speakcheesy – a hidden wine bar behind the cheese shop Love Cheese. Create your own cheese board and charcuterie from their array of local produce and relax into the night in their garden. They also serve up rustic pizzas too!,Where Is York: York is in North England, two hours by train from London Kings Cross station.,When To Go: Spring is a beautiful time to visit the city; much of the city bursts into bright yellow as daffodils come to life. York warms up after hibernating in the atmospheric Yorkshire winter and yet doesn’t receive the throngs of tourists like the summer months.,York buzzes throughout spooky season so October is an ideal time for Halloween lovers to enjoy the city’s ghost tours and haunted pubs.,The city is also legendary at Christmas time with festive displays and markets set in and amongst the gothic architecture. But bring a coat and an umbrella.,Train: There is a train station with direct routes to Edinburgh, London and Manchester – this is a five-minute walk from the city centre.,Car: If your accommodation has car parking facilities, driving is an option too. Streets in the city centre are narrow and awkward, or pedestrian-only, so be careful.,Plane: The nearest airport is Leeds Bradford Airport. From there, you can call a taxi which will take 45 minutes or catch a bus from the airport to Leeds city centre then the train to York, which will take 90 minutes.,The city is completely walkable and very flat too. Many of the streets in the city centre are cobblestone, however, so just be careful with your footwear.,Where To Stay: York City Centre is small enough that wherever you stay, attractions will be walkable. For more affordable accommodation, consider City Centre West (south of the river).,York is a treasure trove of fantastic restaurants making the most of the fabulous produce from its surrounding regions. Its meat is some of the best in the country, and its craft cheeses are some of the highest quality you can find in Europe.,BREAKFAST,The Hairy Fig: Expect homemade scones and pastries at this pretty Italian café on Fossgate.,1331: A cosy candlelit bar in the evening, 1331 starts the day as an airy cafe serving the best blueberry pancakes in the city. Their Full Englishes are also a winner too.,LUNCH,Shambles Market: It’s always important to support local businesses when you travel! If it’s sunny, indulge in the food stalls and take a picnic at York Museum Gardens!,Ye Olde Sausage Pie Shoppe: If it’s thick, freshly baked pies you’re after, then there are few better places than this iconic pie shop on the Shambles.,The York Roast Company: Found on the shopping street of Stonegate, the York Roast Company has immortalised itself in British food trends by perfecting the Sunday Roast Yorkshire Roll – yes, it is as good as it sounds.,DINNER,Love Cheese: A wine bar behind a cheese shop which calls itself a “Speakcheesy.” A cute garden serving up rustic pizzas and artisanal cheese boards.,Forest: Opposite Grape Lane is one of York’s most picturesque restaurants serving great food too.,FOR WINE: A women-owned business, Pairings is one of the best wine bars in the city, serving up Spanish tapas with French vibes. The perfect blend!,FOR PUBS: For a taste of history, the Guy Fawkes Inn is a must-visit. It was home to the infamous rebel, Guy Fawkes, who failed in his plan to blow up Parliament in 1605.,FOR A COCKTAIL: Bora Bora is a fun, no-frills cocktail bar tucked around the corner of Swinegate in the City Centre, allowing you to escape to the Bahamas in the middle of Yorkshire!,Despite York’s beauty, the city is not a playground for tourists. Please be respectful when you’re visiting the city and taking photos as locals and workers will be going about their business. The streets are incredibly narrow and get very busy.,If you want the city to yourself, get up at the crack of dawn and you’ll find many of the roads will be a lot quieter.,More Helpful Links:,Author’s Bio: Joshua Symons is a freelance travel writer based in London who focuses on European cities as well as UK destinations. He is one-half of Two Passports, a travel blog he runs with his partner Sasha, aiming to show travelers and wanderlusters how they can make the most of their annual leave without breaking the bank, whilst equally not feeling the pressure of a budget.,You can’t help but fall under the spell of this beloved Italian city. Here’s what to see and do in Venice.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,In 1841, British writer and art critic John Ruskin wrote, “Thank God I am here. It is the paradise of cities.”Glittering, beguiling, sophisticated, all this and achingly beautiful too. Venice, surely the most spell-binding city of all……,Skirting the Venetian suburb of Murano, as the magnificent panorama of Venice unfolds before you, you could be forgiven for thinking you had died and gone to heaven. It certainly inspired a dramatic chorus of  ‘oohs’ and ‘aahs’ from everyone in our private water taxi on our arrival from Marco Polo airport.,With its vast, gloomy marble palaces, black with the corroding damp of centuries, this city of the senses is totally unlike anywhere else in the world. Set apart by an enchanting storybook strangeness, its narrow streets devoid of traffic and relatively free of hustlers, no wonder that Venice is called La Serenissima ― the most serene.,Venice, Venezia in Italian, which sprawls across an archipelago of 117 linked islets, is a place to swoon over. It is probably at its romantic best at dusk on a winter’s day, when the last pale velvet streaks of daylight are leaving the sky. When windows high above the canals start to sparkle with twinkling lights and the mists waft up from the inky canals to shroud the buildings, a spectral air enfolds this aptly named Pearl of the Adriatic.,There is of course much more to Venice than simply staring at gorgeousness which is why we go back to recharge our batteries as often as we can. This proud, beauty queen city cleverly possesses a multi personality. Although she carries off the mantle of ‘tourist resort’ excellently well, this self-possessed lady has no hint of the brashness that characterizes many tourist havens.,Venice does it gently, with aplomb. At the same time, she is an indulgent pleasure seeker, a dreamland for artists, mecca for culture vultures and when hectic Carnevale comes along, that exciting, unique and dazzling time of merriment which takes place in the depths of winter, she pulls out all the stops to show how dancing, feasting, drinking and masking should be done.,Thousands of people from all over the world converge in the city for Venice Carnival. The Carnival of Venice, an annual festival that takes place on the days leading up to Lent. Festival-goers dress in magnificent costumes with elaborate masks and make Venezia become even more of a dream world.,But no matter when you come to Venice, the city is quick to cast you under her spell.,Our hotel, the Rialto, enjoys a grandstand location on the bustling, splendid Grand Canal, the city’s main thoroughfare and one of the busiest parts of the city. From our windows, the glorious close-up view of the hotel’s namesake was indeed jaw dropping ― a tourist board brochure come alive.,The Rialto Bridge built in 1588 and immortalized by Shakespeare in “The Merchant of Venice”, continues to defy the predictions of its day and stands steadfastly, even with the extra weight of its double arcades packed full of shops.,The stirring Grand Canal has always been home to the city’s aristocrats, the Nobili Homini and here you can marvel at their magnificent marble palaces, more than one hundred of them, each framed by colored posts showing the livery of their owners.,This is a world with no traffic and strolling through the web of narrow streets, listening to the sweet songs of the gondolieri as they gently and silently crisscross their way through the canals there is no doubt that this is the perfect chill-out destination.,Gondolas are of ancient origin and are somewhat peculiar, in that the gondolier stands behind the passengers. In 1562, in order to minimize the rivalry between noble houses, a law was passed which stated that all gondolas must be painted black.,I always enjoy going to St. Mark’s Square ― Piazza San Marco ― in the heart of Venice first thing in the morning. It has a certain magic then when the city is just beginning to shake off her mantle of sleep. Later in the day it gets terribly crowded, not surprising really, as this is the city’s premier tourist attraction and possibly the most famous square in the world. It is also one of the few places where you can relax with a coffee while being serenaded by an orchestra.,Two centuries ago, the square pleased Napoleon so much that he pronounced it “the finest drawing room in Europe.”,Two famous buildings dominate the piazza ― the Doges’ Palace and St. Mark’s Basilica. Inside the splendid Byzantine church of St. Mark’s, the life of Venice’s patron saint is recalled in a series of hand-set mosaics which cover the floor, walls and ceiling, while the front doors are adorned with precious and semi-precious gems, each inset by hand and depicting awe-inspiring religious scenes.,Next door to the Basilica stands the splendid pink and white Verona marble and Istrian stone building which is the Doges’ Palace. It contains a stunning collection of frescoes and paintings including Tintoretto’s “Paradise”, the largest oil painting in the world.,Just behind the Doges’ Palace is the legendary Bridge of Sighs, a small elegant covered stone bridge connecting the law courts with the prison. I always feel a sense of sadness when I look at this bridge because it was the link between liberty and doom for condemned prisoners. Their doleful lamentations on their way to and from trial caught the imagination of the 19th century Romantics to give the bridge its name.,To see the bridge, follow the length of the Doge’s Palace until you reach Ponte della Paglia, the bridge facing the Bridge of Sighs, which is always packed with visitors taking photos with the Bridge of Sighs in the background.,Every visit we make to Venice, Italy rewards us by offering ever more snatches of magic and secrets just waiting to be discovered in her spaghetti plate of narrow streets and picturesque canals. Perhaps that is because Venice never really takes off her mask, coyly retaining a degree of mystery, surely her enduring appeal.,One of the best ways to get around in Italy is by train. Train travel in Italy is fast, efficient and affordable. Check out the interactive map from Omio below to explore the most popular train routes in Italy. Just select your departure city to view routes to popular destinations in Italy, along with a minimum price and journey time.,Time to start planning your escape to Venice, Italy? Start by checking out hotel and VRBO options, local foodie favorites, insider tips on the best sights to see and more through Travelocity and TripAdvisor. When you’re ready to travel, compare car rentals and find the best airline deals on Kiwi.,Tourist Board of Venice
www.turismovenezia.it,Italian Government Tourist Office
www.enit.it,Scotland’s remote isles of Mull and Iona Islands offer wild beauty, ancient castle ruins, waterfalls and small-town island life.,If you like small towns, islands and rural landscape, then a trip to the beautiful Scottish isles of Mull and Iona might be just want you’re looking for.,Your journey to the islands, which are just off the west coast of Scotland, starts in the small town of Oban (just a 2-hour drive from Glasgow). From there, you can take a short 45-minute hop on one of the regular ferries to Craignure on the isle of Mull.,Scotland’s numerous island ferries are always a fun experience, but make sure to pack a warm jacket so you can stand on the deck and marvel at the sparkling waters as you sail slowly into Craignure Bay.,Mull really has it all in one island, castles spectacular enough to be featured in Hollywood movies, white sandy beaches that stretch for miles, stunning azure seas, hills and mountains with fantastic summit views, colorful little harbor towns and then it’s a short sail to the tiny Isle of Iona, the last resting place of kings and clan chiefs.,Sounds like a lot? Indeed, it is! If you are on a two to three-week visit to Scotland, you probably won’t have the time to visit every nook and cranny of Mull and Iona. So, I have devised a 2-day itinerary for these amazing islands to include as part of your vacation in Scotland.,Arriving in Mull on the early morning ferry gives you plenty of time to drive the northern loop of the island and visit many sites along the way. But make sure to book your ferries to and from the island well in advance to ensure you get the best sailing times.,Three shipwrecked fishing boats lie in eerie silence in the bay at Salen. They must be some of the most photographed wrecks on the planet.,Many artists have traveled to Mull just to paint these famous boats. I did wonder, of course, if they would look as interesting in real life, and if its reality would live up to all those Instagram posts?,I am glad to tell you that, yes, this is a site well worth visiting. The algae and vegetation on the boats has given them a vibrant green color and their tranquil location on this quiet beach creates a charming scene.,Water cascades down the side of the island, building up speed over the 100ft drop before crashing into the green waters below.,There is parking space for the waterfall on the main road near a couple of nice viewpoints. Eas Fors is a collection of several waterfalls. To reach the largest and most spectacular waterfall, you will have to take a short 20-minute walk back towards the Ulva ferry terminal – just head down to the beach, where you will get the best view.,As a side note – the nearby island of Ulva or ‘Ullfur’ was named by Viking invaders, translating to ‘Wolf’ island. At one time, Ulva was home to hundreds of farmers, but less than 20 live there today, and there are no wolves anymore.,It is also a car-free island, so if you’d like to visit, make sure to bring your walking shoes.,I think everyone who takes a vacation in Scotland spends some time marveling at the beautiful remote beaches. Calgary Bay definitely belongs on Scotland’s top 10 list.,I was fortunate enough to visit on a sunny day and it felt like I had been transported to a Caribbean island. I loved wandering across the glistening white sands, taking in Mull’s beautiful Northern coast.,If you have the time, another nearby beach well worth visiting is the remote Langamull Beach. It isn’t as well-known as Calgary, so you may even have the whole beach to yourself.,Getting to Langamull Beach involves a 30-minute walk through a rough forest track but you will be rewarded with spectacular views over to the rocky isle of Rὺm.,If you have ever seen a photo of Mull, chances are it was of the brightly painted houses in the tiny seaside village of Tobermory.,Tobermory was the setting for a children’s TV show in the early 2000s. Within a few minutes of wandering along the seafront, you will see why this charming little place was able to inspire children’s stories.,There are plenty of cafes where you can have lunch and recharge, to get ready for an afternoon touring the south of the island.,If you have some extra time in this quaint village, you can take a boat tour to go in search of the local sea life – basking sharks, whales, seals, dolphins and porpoises swim in the waters around Mull. If you aren’t able to fit in a boat trip, you might get lucky and see them from the shore, so keep your eyes peeled!,Scotland is home to a wide variety of birdlife, and by far, one of my favorites is the sea eagles, many of whom spend their time in the skies around Mull.,Even if bird watching isn’t for you, I’d recommend the guided walk along the beach at Craignure for the chance to spot some of these magnificent birds. The guides are very friendly and knowledgeable about the local area and taking the tour will increase your chances of spotting the sea eagles.,If cute mammals are more your thing – this is also a great place to see the local otters.,No trip to Scotland is complete without a visit to a few castles. There are several on Mull, but if you are taking just a couple of days to tour the island, I’d recommend the A-lister of Mull’s castles, Duart Castle. It was built in the 14th Century by Clan Maclean and made famous by the films Entrapment (1999), When Eight Bells Toll (1971) and I Know Where I’m Going (1945).,You will find a real mix of castles in Scotland – many are a ruined reminder of their former glory, although I always think this gives them a haunting atmosphere. Duart, however, is one of our well-preserved castles, which, despite having fallen into ruin around 100 years ago, was rebuilt into the splendid fortress it is today.,Once you see its dramatic location on the edge of the sea, you will understand why film directors have transported their casts hundreds of miles just so they can include this as the backdrop to their film.,After a good night’s rest, it is time to travel right down to the south of Mull to Fionnphort where you can catch the 10-minute passenger ferry to Iona. (Note: you can’t take your car to this little island either).,While I’d always recommend booking your ferry to and from Mull in advance, there is no need to book the ferry across to Iona. Before you make the crossing, why not explore Mull’s southern coastline, home to lots of tranquil bays perfect for a leisurely stroll.,Iona is at its heart, a religious island. For Christians, it is a place of pilgrimage and Iona Abbey is the center of the island’s spirituality.,It is said to be the most religious site in Scotland, founded as a place of worship by St. Columba in AD 563. Despite being such a holy site, the history of The Abbey involves violent struggles between the protestant and catholic churches; it was once plagued by Viking raids.,However, it is very well looked after today; it is a beautiful building, with much of the 13th and 14th century stonework still standing. Even if you are tight for time on your trip, make sure to leave at least an hour to early take in the atmosphere and spirituality of this ancient monastery.,There is a strange peacefulness about the Abbey and it is the kind of place that calms the mind.,This is also a deeply spiritual place and to get to the bay you must walk across the Hill of Angels. Legend says that St. Columba sailed into this bay the first time he visited Iona. He walked to the top of the hill, kneeled and clasped his hands. Onlookers said that angels began to gather around him as he prayed.,As well as its spiritual significance, the views from St. Columba’s Bay out across the sea are breathtaking.,And sadly, this is where I have to start the journey back to mainland Scotland, after a magical two days exploring Mull and Iona. To catch the evening sailing from Mull to Oban, you will have to make sure to leave Iona by mid-afternoon. The last sailing back to the mainland is $19.15 most days or $17.55 on Sundays (but check before you go).,Why not take an extra day to hike to the top of Ben More, Mull’s largest mountain? I am a keen hiker and I am trying to ‘bag’ all the mountains in Scotland over 3,000ft which we call Munros – I have bagged 82 of the 282 mountains.,I first visited Mull to bag Ben More. The views from the top of the mountain can be spectacular – you can see across to Ulva in one direction and back to the mainland in the other. Sadly, it was a day of rain and mist when I chose to hike Ben More!,I am sure I will be back soon to do it on a clear day. This is something you could include in your tour if, like me, you love hiking, but you will have to set aside a whole day which is why I haven’t included it in my two-day itinerary.,Make sure you bring proper hiking equipment, including boots, full waterproofs, maps, compass and a first aid kit. There are also plenty of lower-level walks to be enjoyed on Mull.,Book This Trip

I’d recommend checking out the Walk Highlands website, which lists many of the routes: I hope you have found this itinerary guide to two wonderful days touring around the Isles of Mull and Iona useful. If you are planning a trip to Scotland take a look at Best Scottish Tours who have many great tours to choose from.

Find more information on our Scotland Travel Guide and the Top 10 Things to Do in Scotland.,Looking to bring a little magic into your holiday season? Here are our picks for the best European Christmas markets to visit this season.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,It’s a dark winter night in Vienna, but Schönbrunn Palace is a sea of twinkling lights. Nestled in the courtyard at the 1,441-room Hapsburg palace is one of my favorite Christmas markets.  ,Visiting a Christmas market is a magical experience, and in Europe, they’re a beloved tradition that goes back to the Middle Ages. Today, going to a Christmas market with friends and family is a cornerstone of the holiday season.  ,Christkindl markets are enchanting to visitors, too. As I wander through tidy rows of wooden stalls cradling a cup of hot cocoa in my mittened hands, I catch the scent of warm gingerbread in the air. I pass vendors selling handcrafted ornaments, textiles and pottery, while a children’s choir sings carols in the distance. ,Vienna has 20 Christmas markets, but they can be found all over Europe. Many are in towns along the Danube. One of the best ways to visit Christmas markets is by river cruise. AmaWaterways, Viking and others offer holiday river cruises. ,Since visiting my first Christmas market as an exchange student to Austria, I’ve gone back again and again. (READ MORE: 10 Reasons to Love Vienna),The biggest Christmas market in Vienna is on Rathausplatz (in front of the City Hall). Almost a hundred vendors sell handmade products, Christmas ornaments, leather goods and yummy food, from bratwurst to hot mulled wine.,There is ice skating for those who want to don skates under the twinkling lights. The whole atmosphere is magical.,Christmas markets can be found all over Europe, but here are a few of my favorite Christmas markets along the Danube. ,The Hungarian capital is beautiful any time of year, but at Christmastime, it really shines. At the Vörösmarty Square Christmas market, all products are traditionally handmade.,You’ll find exquisite leather, woodworking, pottery, textile and fabric art, ceramics and jewelry. Local bands play Hungarian folk music, and vendors sell Hungarian goulash and other dishes that are perfect for a winter night. ,One popular stop on a holiday river cruise is Austria’s beautiful Wachau Valley. This 24-mile stretch of river is home to the small towns of Melk, Dürnstein and Krems. In the spring, the region is best known as wine country, with terraced vineyards covering the hillsides.

During the holidays, each town dons its seasonal finery. One must-visit location is Göttweig Abbey, a stunning baroque Benedictine monastery that overlooks the Wachau Valley. Visiting the small Christmas market at the abbey is a perfect way to kick off the season.  ,When you visit a Christmas market in Linz, you’ll catch the sweet smell of Linzer Torte, a traditional Austrian pastry named for the city. ,Follow your nose through the rows at the Christmas market on the Baroque Main Square, and you’ll find delicious foods like brats, pretzels and candied almonds, as well as hot drinks to warm your soul.,Glühwein is a popular favorite. Hot mulled wine is made with red or white wine using cloves, cinnamon, star anise and other spices. ,This 2,000-year-old city on the confluence of three rivers is home to St. Stephen’s Cathedral, which has the largest pipe organ in Europe with 17,000 pipes. If you time your visit just right, you’ll catch one of their bi-weekly holiday concerts. ,You’ll also hear traditional folk music at the German Christmas market with instruments like the zither and dulcimer. Be sure to try Sengzelten, a local favorite specialty with fresh fruit dipped in chocolate. ,Read More: Christmas Market Traditions in Germany,The ancient town of Regensburg is home to one of the most romantic Christmas Markets. The holiday market at the Thurn and Taxis Palace seems like it stepped straight from a fairy tale.,At the Christmas market in Regensburg, twinkling white and purple lights add a magical glow to the rows of stalls in the courtyard. Families and friends gather around firepits, drinking glühwein and enjoying time together.  ,Home to 30,000 residents, Neuburg an der Donau has a picturesque location overlooking the Danube. The town’s winding cobblestone streets are narrow, with tidy homes painted in muted pastels. The Neuburger Christkindlmarkt in the town square offers quiet small-town charm. ,Nativity scenes are a treasured symbol of a German Christmas, and the tiny town of Oberstadion, population 1,500, has an entire museum devoted to nativity scenes. ,The museum is housed in a barn from 1612 and has more than 160 nativity scenes. The oldest crèche at the Nativity Museum is from 1850. Oberstadion has a small Christmas market. ,The twin cities of Ulm and New Ulm are across the Danube from each other. Each has its own Christmas market with its own style.,The Ulm Christmas market is large, with row after row of narrow cobblestone lanes lined with lit stalls selling everything from ornately shaped chocolates to wool sweaters. In normal times, the market receives more than 1 million visitors a season. ,The Nuremberg Christmas market is perhaps the best known of all. Located in the town square, it has a bustling, medieval atmosphere.,Nuremberg was once an important stop on the historic spice route where merchants transported spices like ginger and cinnamon from afar. Perhaps that’s why the town is well-known for its gingerbread. ,Buy some delicious Nuremberg bratwurst, a hot cup of glühwein and some Nuremberg Lebkuchen and you’ll have the perfect Christmas market dinner. Christmas is something special in Germany and visiting a Christmas market is the perfect way to celebrate the season. ,Start planning your holiday escape to Germany, Austria and Hungary today. Get prepared with insider knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the ultimate flight deals, train tickets and vacation packages check out OMIO Travel.,Be sure to travel with luggage that is reliable, expansive and stylish. Pack all your travel essentials and have even more space to shop with a top-rated travel bag from AWAY bags. See their selection here.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Traveling in the American South offers an opportunity to learn many little-known stories of American history.,American History students often learn stories of famous people, places and battles throughout their history lessons in school. But traveling can introduce you to lesser-known places and stories that you might not know. ,Here are five surprising things that you can learn about history while exploring the American South.,Did you know that significant battles of the American Revolution occurred outside New England?,Quaker Meadows Cemetery in Morganton, North Carolina, is run by the local Historic Burke Foundation. Members of the group offer guided tours by appointment of this serene, hilltop cemetery that is the final resting place of a whopping 10 Revolutionary War patriots.,Expand your knowledge of the American Revolution beyond the confines of New England by touring the Quaker Meadows Cemetery. Many of the men and women buried here fought in The Battle of King’s Mountain, which is widely regarded as a turning point for the Revolutionary War in the South. ,Several hundred patriots gathered in Morganton on a local farm before marching into battle the next day. Those who survived returned to Morganton to live out the rest of their days and have been buried with stirring words (such as patriot) on their headstones.,In addition, to the ten militiamen buried here, there are several women who played a role in the revolution too.,On a frigid November morning, I knelt in the dry leaves by Sarah Erwin’s headstone, whose husband was away fighting at Kings Mountain with the militia when their farm was attacked. Mrs. Erwin suffered a saber gash to her neck, shoulder and breast. She never fully recovered, and the saber wound contributed to her early death at 35. ,Did you know that America relied heavily on man-made canals to transport goods in the 1800s?,Continue your  educational journey at the Columbia Riverfront Park and Historic Canal in Columbia, South Carolina. The trail and park are maintained by the state of South Carolina.,There is ample signage, so you can learn about history while you exercise or picnic. Walking or running the flat, four-mile, paved trail will also augment your knowledge of the foundations of American industry.  ,The trail is constructed on the levee between the historic canal and the Broad River. Columbia Canal, constructed in 1824, was built to bypass the rocks and rapids of the Saluda, Broad and Congaree Rivers.,The trail made trade between the upcountry farms and the Port of Charleston easier. People transported corn, wheat, livestock, and of course, “King Cotton” via the canal. In the 1890s the canal was reconstructed to provide water for hydroelectric generation. It powered the first mill in the world to run entirely on hydroelectric power.,Did you know that early settlers did not typically raise pigs on their farms?,Morningside Nature Center in Gainesville, Florida, recreates 1800’s farm life and teaches visitors factoids like why farmers did not always raise hogs.,The early Irish immigrant settlers who built a cabin here in the 1840s, would trap small wild pigs and “notch their ears.” Each family had a unique notched pattern, similar to a cattle brand, with which they marked the animals.,Afterward, the farmers would release the pigs into the wild to fatten them up naturally. They baited them back in the fall. Once re-captured, the animals were slaughtered in preparation for the winter. Pigs provided nourishment for a farmer’s family throughout the winter season.  ,Visits to the cabin, kitchen (with a kitchen garden), barn, blacksmith’s forge, privy, smokehouse and schoolhouse transport visitors to a rustic and challenging way of life that is revered in this region.,Programs include guided wildflower walks (in certain seasons), an animal meet and greet called Barnyard Buddies and an annual Cane Boil that allows the public to see how syrup is made from local sugar cane. Make this fascinating living history farm a stop on your Florida itinerary. ,Congregation Mickve Israel in Savannah, Georgia, was founded in 1733 by Spanish and Portuguese immigrants.,Their current sanctuary was built in 1878 and is a very rare example of gothic architecture being used on a synagogue. Conde Nast Traveler even named it one of the top 15 most beautiful synagogues in the world.,If you think of New York and Ellis Island when you think about Jewish culture arriving in America, visit Savannah and be amazed.,Did you know that Georgia has Byzantine and Romanesque architecture to rival any in Europe?,The Sacred Heart Cultural Center in Augusta, Georgia gives visitors another reason, other than golf, to visit this community. The deconsecrated Catholic church, built in1897, took over a decade to restore.,The building has stained glass windows similar to those in Notre Dame in Paris and boasts 15 different styles of brickwork, most of which can no longer be re-created because the techniques died out among bricklayers generations ago.,Today, an enthusiastic non-profit group offers self-guided audio tours for a mere $5.00 per person. Additionally, the gift shop on the lower floor helps support the facility’s upkeep.,Sacred Heart houses a small art gallery and is a sought-after special event venue for weddings and other celebrations. Enjoy quiet meditation in the gardens as you contemplate the astounding brickwork that many people mistakenly think can only be found in the ancient villages of Europe.,Like other regions in the USA,  the American South has played an important role in shaping lives, destinies and the cultural fabric of America. This trip adds a new dimension to the American story.,Start planning your trip through the south and see the less explored historic sights of America! Stay on track with your budget by checking out the best hotel and VRBO options, special attractions and favorite restaurants in each city with Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Millions of years ago, Kansas was an inland sea. Head out with fossil hunters to discover remnants of this unusual past.,Travel in Kansas isn’t always what you expect. Eighty million years ago, this rural American state was an inland sea filled with huge fish, swimming birds and reptiles.,Gigantic meat-eaters called mosasaurs ruled the ocean. The remains of the animals that swam and flew during this era were remarkably preserved in the rich farmlands of Kansas.,Head out with professional fossil hunters in Kansas to uncover some of this unusual past for yourself. Many other well-preserved fossils are on display at several attractions in Kansas.,Detroit is experiencing a rebirth. From thriving new businesses in bustling core neighborhoods to a renewed energy and pride, here’s why you’ll want to visit Detroit.,Tasting samples clutter the table tops – crunchy tortilla chips, roasted peanuts and sweet potato pie. And they’re all Detroit made.,“Being at this booth, I see people from all over the country and they tell me how great it is to see Detroit on this jar,” exults Jack Corley.,He was a former automotive parts supplier for 25 years who’s now selling locally-owned McClure’s Pickles at Detroit’s bustling Eastern Market. “They say how great it is that it’s happening in the city.”,Across the aisle, Allen Love pitches his peach and blueberry cobbler pies made from family recipes. “We have regular customers that come back every week,” he says. “We’re closer together and we want to see Detroit grow.”,Detroit, the biggest city in Michigan, is experiencing a rebirth. “I’ve seen the hard times and I see us coming back,” he adds.,It’s Saturday morning and the market spanning several blocks is packed with locals and sightseers like me.,I’ve joined tour guide Linda Yellin’s ‘Feet on the Street Tours’ which winds in and around kiosks under open-air sheds packed with fresh produce, spice racks, meats and gooey cheeses.,Overhead signs sport such headers as ‘Grown in Detroit’ and ‘Detroit Food Academy.’,“We’re seeing more people from outside the city proper that are interested in coming back, and connecting with Detroit in ways their parents didn’t,” says Yellin.,Outside, street art murals awash in brilliant hues emblazon Market warehouses, one with a caption affirming city pride. “We have been considered many things: a city in decay, a city in distress and without hope,” it reads.,“However, we have never given up and we never say die. We are born fighters, we rise from the ashes.”,This theme abuzz at Eastern Market reflects Detroit’s spirited comeback in recent years – a dramatic turnaround from the downtrodden years of auto industry decline, municipal bankruptcy in 2013 and people leaving decaying neighborhoods for the suburbs.,The haunting memories of the deadly 1967 riots again resurfaced with the recent feature film Detroit, released last summer on the 50th anniversary of the harsh street strife.,What I find, however, is a rebirth of sorts summed up in rebuilding, new businesses in bustling city core neighborhoods, and what seems to be a burst of renewed energy and pride exuded by residents.,And the metro area’s institutions and museums – sports teams and their new venues, the Detroit Institute of Arts, the Motown Museum and the Henry Ford Museum of American Innovation in suburban Dearborn – seem to be better than ever.,“Businesses pop up overnight; it’s crazy,” says tour guide Kim Rusinow with Destination Detroit Group Tours and Services who’s leading us in and around the city center.,“When people are trying to wrap their arms around and understand Detroit, I like to use an analogy. If you take a rubber ball and throw it really hard on the ground – what happens?,It bounces back. What you’re seeing right now is Detroit bouncing back.”,“There’s no denying we’ve been slammed pretty hard,” she continues. “We have some challenges to overcome, but we are an amazing comeback city.”,Alongside the multi-towered General Motors Renaissance Center, our first stop is the Detroit RiverWalk, a 3.5 mile-long walkway with benches, public art, parks and a lighthouse.,Shops, cafes and residential units now occupy what was once an industrial base with factories and warehouses. “We once had cement silos down here,” Rusinow notes.,The Motor City is still that as much of the city remains rooted in the automotive industry.,In downtown’s 1929 art deco-style Guardian Building, for example, a shop within the Aztec-themed lobby displays purses made out of seatbelts.,“We’re very proud of it – it sort of screams Detroit,” says Rusinow. “Everyone is loyal to their car companies.,It’s frowned upon if you have a foreign car, but not as much now because many of those parts are now made in America.”,“We believe in buying American here,” she affirms. “That’s how we supported our families. That’s how I was raised, but it’s something we always struggle with.”,Skirting the edges of downtown’s 19th and 20th century granite and limestone skyscrapers, and shining steel and glass towers, the Stadium District has marked downtown’s resurgence with new 21st century sports stadiums.,Statues of clawing tigers hover over the entrances to Comerica Park, home of the Detroit Tigers baseball team, just across the street from football’s Detroit Lions’ Ford Field.,The area’s yet greatest expansion comes with the new Little Caesars Arena, part of the $1 billion-plus redevelopment project known as The District Detroit.,The arena opened in September of 2017 and is home to the Detroit Red Wings hockey team and Pistons basketball.,Restaurants, bars, parks, apartments and other businesses will span the District’s 50 blocks, many opening in 2018.,Driving north on Woodward Avenue, we enter Detroit’s Midtown District where the original buildings of a former jeep factory now house upscale condos in the $500,000 range – for just one bedroom, bath and one window only. A balcony is extra, chortles Rusinow.,“Every available building that can be rehabbed is being rehabbed into a residence, mostly apartments,” she explains.,“Our goal here in dealing with abandonment is deconstruction, a way of using the building materials for another purpose.”,We stop at Detroit-based Shinola, the flagship store for the first watch company making watches out of Switzerland with guaranteed Swiss movement.,Leather-strapped, green, white and brown-faced watches line cases alongside turntable displays and racks of mounted bicycles, the company’s other main products.,Shinola decided to settle in Detroit and open a factory, starting with six workers and now employing about 500, according to Rusinow. “They could have gone anywhere,” she says.,“We’re so excited that for their manufacturing they chose Detroit because we hadn’t had any new manufacturing here in a very long time.”,Another example of repurposing is downtown’s recently opened Detroit Foundation Hotel housed in a former Fire Department administration building and firehouse.,Rooms have been refurbished with wood from abandoned buildings and homes, with 100 rooms and the fire commissioner’s former office now a suite.,“We want to keep it Detroit-made, keep Detroit pride going,” says Tylisa Jones, the hotel’s Guest Services Ambassador.,Doorways that once opened for fire engines now lead to a swanky restaurant and bar hopping with a lively crowd during my Saturday night visit.,For dinner, we take a looping elevated tram called the “Detroit People Mover” to Greektown, a hopping neighborhood with restaurants and cafes.,Book a table at Pegasus Taverna for buttery spanakopita and grilled lamb chops. Sweet honey baklava tops my dessert list at the Astoria Pastry Shop across the street.,While much has been done in Detroit, challenges remain. In the 1950s, the population was close to two million, down to about 700,000 now.,More than 40 percent of the city’s 140 square miles is vacant land with 80,000 abandoned homes.,“That’s the reality of a city that loses its tax base and its population,” says Rusinow. “What we do with it, how we go forward with purpose to bring quality of life back to our neighborhoods and our residents, to rebuild smart, to become a city that is desirable and affordable for everybody, is our goal.”,At the Henry Ford Museum of American Innovation, I toured adjacent Greenfield Village with its reconstructed and refurbished historic homes with a ride in an original 1914 Model T Ford.,Driver Don Ludwig tells me there are still 200,000 Model T’s still running in the U.S. “People come here to step back in time. Isn’t that what you’re doing right now?” he asks?,Greenfield Village has historic buildings including Henry Ford’s birth home and the Wright Brothers home and cycle shop where they worked on their fledgling aircraft.,The facades of the entrance to the Henry Ford Museum building was modeled after Philadelphia’s Independence Hall.,The collection includes prototype and original early 20th century cars, planes, locomotives and more, including the refurbished bus in which civil rights pioneer Rosa Park refused to give up her seat.,There are many old Model T’s and former presidents’ cars, including the very ones in which Kennedy was shot (original chassis only) and in which Reagan was driven to the hospital after his gunshot wound.,Other must-see museums include the Detroit Institute of Arts with is wall-sized Diego Rivera industrial murals in a central atrium.,The Motown Museum in two adjacent neighborhood homes offers a close-up look at the small studio where Motown greats like the Supremes and Four Tops got their start.,www.visitdetroit.com, ,You’ll do more than cruise on this trip: Watch a Marquesan festival, visit one of the tallest tikis or stop by the grave of Paul Gauguin.,Brilliant streaks of gold burst through the fluffy clouds and illuminated a line of coconut palms, which assured early risers on the Aranui III that we were nearing Fakarava, the second-largest Tuamotu atoll and the first stop of our journey through the exotic isles of French Polynesia. This was just the beginning of a 14-day, island-hopping trek through the fabled Tuamotu and Marquesas archipelagoes of the South Pacific, aboard the passenger freighter Aranui III.The 386-foot (118 m), 207-passenger vessel was custom built to serve the tiny ports it visits, bringing goods to French Polynesia islanders. While the true business of the Aranui III is to haul much-needed freight to and from the picturesque isles, thanks to a unique design, the ship provides visitors with a chance to be a part of a working vessel, in a graceful style. Most passenger cabins have windows.The vessel has an outdoor swimming pool, as well as a lounge, gym and library. Passengers can take part in fishing and snorkeling, and guest lecturers and onboard experts offer detailed information about the culture and history of the Marquesas ports, and Polynesia in general.,Dawn was breaking over the Fakarava atoll as we steamed into the inner lagoon through a wide cut in the reef at our first, brief stop of a journey that would eventually crisscross an area roughly the size of Western Europe.,We anchored in a crystal-clear, turquoise-colored lagoon several hundred yards from a white, coral sand beach before going ashore in wooden whaling boats.,Fakarava is the commercial center of the Tuamotu group of about 80 coral isles. Friendly native merchants had “set up shop” under the shade of coconut palms near the beach, and displayed their creations made of wood, shells, bone and black pearls.,Many of the passengers browsed the merchandise, while others snorkeled or swam around coral formations in the warm, clear waters of the huge lagoon. A picnic lunch of local fish was served under a thatched canopy, accompanied by island music provided by a ukulele band. After exploring, swimming, or resting in the shade, it was into the whaling boats and back to the ship.,The anchor was lifted, and we began the longest stretch of the journey at sea. We would see nothing but wide-open seas and miles of blue water for the rest of the day, the night, the next day and another night. Then, at daybreak, we witnessed the sun coming up over Ua Pou, the first of the 12 volcanic Marquesas islands we would encounter.,The majestic island has a dramatic skyline of obelisk-shaped columns, jagged cliffs and cathedral-like spires. The contrasts of the blue ocean, the brilliant greens of the island and the towering peaks that encircle Hakahau Bay were spellbinding.,From Ua Pou, we went to Nuku Hiva, the administrative capital and the largest island in the chain. There, near the deep bay of Taipivai, Herman Melville was inspired to write his famous Typee, in 1842. For the passengers on the Aranui III, it was a chance to do some banking, use a very slow Internet system, or sit back and watch the precision of the ship’s crew loading and unloading much-needed freight for the island people.,The next stop of our expedition brought us to Hiva Oa, the final resting place of artist Paul Gauguin and Belgian singer Jacques Brel. Though buried 75 years apart, both of these men spent the last few years of their lives on Hiva Oa, and they are buried very close together in an old cemetery at Atuona, high above the pounding waves of the ocean.,We then made a short southeastern passage to the small, mostly undeveloped island of Fatu Hiva. This is one of the last places in the Marquesas where women still make tapa cloth, a paper-like product that was once used for clothing, but is now more popular for artwork. After skinning the bark from trees, the women pound it for hours with flat sticks of ironwood to produce tapa, a strong fabric.,The women of Fatu Hiva are also well known for wearing umuhei in their hair. These sachets, made from aromatic plants, are said to have extremely strong powers for attracting men.,After leaving the beauty and tranquility of Fatu Hiva, we returned to Hiva Oa, this time on the opposite side of the island, where we docked at the port of Puamau. On an archaeological site in the hills above the open ocean, we walked among the largest tikis (Polynesian godlike statues) in the Pacific. The biggest tiki ever found in the Marquesas Islands was discovered in Hiva Oa ’s Puamau Valley; it stands 7.7 feet (2.35 m) tall.,While we visited the island of Tahuata, a Marquesan festival was being held at an ancient sacred site in the hills above Vaitahu. It was wonderful to see islanders from all over the Marquesas Islands competing among themselves in a natural setting, wearing native costumes and following customs that have been handed down through the generations.,When we returned from our trek to the festival grounds, the village of Vaitahu was alive with offerings of native cuisine, merchants from every island selling their handicrafts, and island music drifting through the warm, tropical air.,After an all-night voyage we reached the island of Ua Huka and the mouth of Vaipaee Bay, a narrow fiord known as the “Invisible Bay.” Those who came on deck to watch were rewarded with an unbelievable show of maneuvering expertise. With less than 10 feet (3 m) on either end of an almost 400-foot-long (122 m) ship, the captain and crew turned the vessel 180 degrees until it faced outward toward the open sea, and then tied it with huge cables between the two shores.,When the Aranui III was secure, we were driven across the island. It was immediately obvious that this island was far more arid than the other islands in the Marquesas chain. The road followed the tops of the ridges with breathtaking vistas of the sea below, and wild horses and goats grazed on the steep hillsides.,After we visited a couple of local handicraft markets, an elaborate Marquesan lunch was prepared by the villagers of Hokatu. We then swam and body surfed at a gorgeous, rocky beach until the whaling boats picked us up for our next leg of the trip.,Before departing the Marquesas Islands for the last time, we made a quick return trip to the capital at Nuka Hiva to load more freight, and then on to Ua Pou again to leave our local guides, Pascal and Didier, on their home island.,Another full day and night of sailing brought us to our last stop, Rangiroa, the largest atoll in the Tuamotus and one of the largest in the world.The jade-green and turquoise colors of the lagoon are spectacular, and its tranquil waters are famous for producing perfect black pearls.,With the Aranui III anchored just off a shallow, coral beach, we went ashore to visit a pearl factory, do some shelling, and snorkel in the crystal-clear waters of the lagoon. Our last native lunch was served under sheltering coconut palms before we took our final whaling boat ride back to the ship.,Dolphins cavorted alongside the Aranui III as we slipped quietly out of the lagoon through a tiny opening between the two villages of Rangiroa and headed out to sea and to the island of Tahiti, the departure point for most of us.,If You Go,Passenger Freighter Aranui III,www.aranui.com,Tahiti Tourism Guide,www.tahitiguide.com,Presidency of French Polynesia,www.presidence.pf,Tahiti Tourism,www.gototahiti.com,Pacific Island Travels Guide,www.pacificislandtravel.com, ,Québec is home to some fantastic music and art. Find the best music festivals of the season in Québec here.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,The Montréal International Jazz Festival may well be on the radar screen of many music lovers, but there are two other outstanding music festivals held annually in the Canadian province of Québec that are definitely worth checking out.,Here’s the skinny on both of them, as well as some tips of what to do in the daytime before the evening shows get underway. ,The Festival d’été de Québec (FEQ), or the Summer Festival of Québec, is one of the largest music festivals in the world with 250 shows at multiple venues lasting for nearly two weeks in July.,Each year since 1968, hundreds of thousands of people from every corner of the globe converge on the charming city of Québec 150 miles north of Montréal, to hear musical artists ranging from internationally known stars to up-and-coming artists. ,FEQ’s eclectic programming includes performers in almost every conceivable musical genre, including afrobeat, blues, country, folk, funk, Latin, pop, R&B, Rap, reggae, rock, and world music.,Big-name performers at FEQ over the years have included Elton John, Lady Gaga, the Rolling Stones, Billy Joel, Mariah Carey, Neil Young, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, and the Black Keys. ,The outdoor venues where FEQ’s musical magic happens include the enormous Bell Stage on the Plains of Abraham, where the British wrested control of Québec from the French in 1759. There, upwards of 90,000 concertgoers sway to the music of big-name stars performing on the largest free-standing stage in North America.,Smaller venues include stages where the artists perform world music ranging from Cajun to Kenyan to Mexican mariachi. All throughout the city, street performers can be found offering impromptu gigs.,Two of the venues offer free concerts. For others, concertgoers can purchase an all-inclusive transferrable wristband for 130 Canadian dollars, good for any show in FEQ’s run.,General admission day passes for individual concerts also are sold. In all, five categories of tickets include options for seats close to the stage, standing near the front, or seats in the grandstand. Many of these ticket options sell out quickly.,For more information, visit www.feq.ca.,During the day, you could do worse than to just wander aimlessly through the winding, cobblestoned streets of Old Québec, the largest walled city in North America north of Mexico, where both the fairytale architecture and Old World ambiance make the city seem frozen in the 18th century.,A cliff separates the Upper and Lower portions of the Old City, but a staircase or funicular cable car makes it easy to visit both.,A peak experience is to walk along the quarter-mile-long boardwalk, Dufferin Terrace, at the top of the cliff and just beneath the castle-like Chateau Frontenac, the most-photographed hotel in the world, enjoying spectacular views of the Lower City below and the St. Lawrence River. ,A number of artisans’ shops selling jewelry, sculpture, clothing, and chocolates line the streets just below the cliff, while the Rue Saint Jean is where to find the largest cluster of cafés, bars, and restaurants, and shops.,An insider tip: Keep walking on the Rue Saint Jean outside the gate passing through the Old City’s walls to find an up-and-coming but little-known shopping area frequented mostly by the natives.,Gems there include Érico Chocolaterie et Pâtisserie, a combination chocolate shop and museum where the exhibits will try to persuade you chocolate is good for your teeth.,Nearby, the Epicerie J A Moisan is a charming French-Canadian grocery where you’ll find maple syrup products, patés and fois gras, even cassoulet in a jar. The music of Edith Piaf may well be playing as you shop.,Here are some other hidden gems to discover in Québec:,A simulated time travel using Virtual Reality depicting 10 moments in the city’s history. You’ll see native Americans in canoes, the building of the original fort and Old City, and the siege and capture of Québec by the British. Don’t forget to look behind you. It’s a 360-degree experience!,A historic hodgepodge now housing the Literary and Historical Society of Québec. Its two-story Victorian library has spiral staircases, comfortable couches and chairs, and charming bric-a-brac strewn here and there. English language programs include storytelling and writers’ conferences.,Elsewhere in the Neoclassic building are the cells of the city’s 19th-century jail once housed here. Look for the graffiti left behind by the prisoners. ,In English, this translates as “The Great Market,” but this is way more than an ordinary farmer’s market. Take the bus outside the Chateau Frontenac for a short ride outside the city center to this gleaming new facility with produce sold outside and inside by vendors selling local gourmet cheese, honey, pastries, meats, and other regional specialties like cider and cassis, a black currant liqueur,Probably the most fascinating museum in Québec, this is another historic hodgepodge. The region’s history and culture are told through hundreds of fascinating artifacts in the museum’s permanent collections, which also has a fascinating exhibit on local First Nation tribes, Canada’s term to describe Native Americans.,Rotating special exhibits are also captivating. In my visit, I saw exhibits on a Québec fashion designer, venomous snakes and other creatures, and another called “Curiosities of the Natural World” that included the skeleton of a saber-toothed tiger and a meteorite from Mars. ,Don’t leave town without sampling poutine, Québec’s unique version of comfort food — french fries and cheese curds topped with gravy. Le Chic Shack on Place d’Armes has interesting variations with braised short ribs, Bordelaise chicken, and wild mushrooms.,Also have lunch at Restaurant Le Parlementaire, a magnificent Beaux Arts dining room inside the provincial capital building. It focuses on Canadian specialties.,We had a smoked trout appetizer, a roasted duck breast entrée with a maple cream sauce and a whole tray of local cheeses. For a view you’ll never forget, dine at Le Ciel! Bistro-Bar on the 28th floor of the LeConcorde Hotel.,In this revolving restaurant with tasty vegetarian, seafood, and French options, you’ll slowly turn, taking in views of the entire city, the St. Lawrence River, and far-off mountains. You might even see patrons running to get a place in front of the stage when the doors open at FEQ’s Bell Stage.,Upriver from Québec and about halfway between Québec City and Montréal, the charming town of Trois-Rivières lies at the confluence of the Mauricie and St. Lawrence rivers.,The Mauricie forms three channels as it flows into the larger St. Lawrence and hence the town’s name, which translates to “Three Rivers.” Another major music festival takes place here each summer in late June and early July, immediately prior to the beginning of FEQ. ,FestiVoix, as the festival is called, takes place over nine days, drawing more than 300,000 people to hear more than a hundred concerts on 15 different stages. Like FEQ, FestiVoix’s musical offerings are eclectic, running the gamut from rock, pop, and hip-hop to classical, jazz, and world music.,A substantial portion of the music at FestiVoix is performed by musicians from Québec, but well-known past performers have included Drake, Joan Jett, the Temptations, Gloria Gaynor, and KC and the Sunshine Band. ,Venues for the festival range from grassy parks to the main stage at Harbourfront Park right on the banks of the mighty St. Lawrence. In the summer of 2019, I attended a concert at this venue by the well-known Québec singer, Daniel Bélanger.,Even though I’ve had several years of French, it’s far in the past so I understood very little of Bélanger’s lyrics. But his music was so mellow and soulful and the setting so gorgeous — with the moon and stars and the wide, majestic river flowing past us — that it was a thoroughly enjoyable evening. Plus, it was fun to watch how beloved he was by the locals.,Day passes are available for FestiVoix, at 39 Canadian dollars, although a pass admitting you to the entire festival is only $59. VIP and front-of-stage options are also available. About 30 percent of Festivoix’s programming, however, is completely free of charge.,When the music’s not playing, it’s fun to stroll through Trois-Rivière’s vibrant downtown filled with cafés, shops, and restaurants.,A major fire in 1908 destroyed 800 buildings in the city’s core, so the architecture is only a little more than a century old, but the much older buildings lining the Rue des Ursulines, which was spared by the fire, rival those of Old Québec in their charm.,Principal among them is the former Ursulines convent, a rambling building with a beautiful dome, and a former military barracks that now houses art exhibitions. ,Otherwise known as the Museum of Popular Culture of Québec, the fascinating exhibits here give insight into the local character of the province. More than a thousand natives were polled about what elements of Québecois life should be included with the resulting exhibits following themes such as “Man, it’s cold outside!” to “Stop what you’re doing and dance!”,An exhibit detailing the differences between the French spoken locally and that of the Old Country contains a list of naughty words the Europeans wouldn’t understand. ,Just adjacent to the Musée POP, a sobering tour of this prison, which operated from 1822 to 1986, gives insights into the harrowing conditions prisoners endured in this dank, dark space.,Seeing the solitary confinement space in the cellar is especially sobering — One inmate shackled there was completely forgotten and starved to death, his feet and hands gnawed by rats.,If possible, ask for Reg as your tour guide. He’s a former prisoner who can tell especially vivid tales of what life was like in the crowded cells. Those especially brave can even spend the night in the prison’s “Sentenced to One Night” experience.,Trois-Rivières was once the heart of the Canadian paper production industry, and this museum, housed in the former filtration plant of the Canadian International Paper Company, gives insight into every aspect of the trade from the life of loggers and lumberjacks to the mechanics involved in producing paper.,Step outside and try to visualize how the Mauricie River at your feet was once a vista of floating logs — more than a million per year coming from as far as 300 miles away. The interesting guided or audioguide tours give insight into the heat, smell, humidity and noise of a 20th-century paper mill.,My favorite meal in Trois-Rivières took place at Le Buck, which specializes in local fare such as smoked sturgeon, rabbit, or duck breast with pan-fried foie gras. For your beverage try one of the especially flavorful local gins like Ungava or Coureur des Bois, a maple whiskey.,Choose between the outdoor patio with cascading plants hanging from beams made from barn timbers, or the interior of the building, which dates back to 1757 and still has rough-hewn boards and stone masonry with deer antlers and show shoes adorning the walls.,Also worth considering is the downtown vegan restaurant, Café Frida where the tasty choices range from the Not Chicken and Waffle to the Mock Buffalo Chicken, a house favorite.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Ohio-based travel writer Rich Warren travels the U.S. and the world looking for offbeat and off-the-beaten-path stories. He is a graduate of the Elf School of Reykjavik and can tell you what the Amish wear to the beach in Florida.,He speaks three languages and completed his medical degree in Sénégal’s capital city, but those are not what set him apart.,Second only to the chief, 42-year-old Daouda Mbengue is the most-respected man in his village. Although he speaks three languages and completed his medical degree in Sénégal’s capital city of Dakar, those are not what set him apart. His two wives and their sons are considered a symbol of status in his Muslim community, but that’s not why he is admired, either. What distinguishes Daouda is that he came home.,Much of Sénégal, in Western Africa, lies in the dry Sahel Desert, but the southern Casamance region has a lush and tropical climate. The capital, Dakar, lies on the Cap Vert peninsula, the westernmost point in Africa. This is the land of the Lébou, Daouda Mbengue’s people. Numbering about 300,000, the Lébou, traditionally fishermen, live along the coastal regions of Sénégal, in Mauritania, Gambia and Guinea-Bissau.,Daouda’s father and grandfathers made their livelihoods from the ocean, but commercial fishing boats slowly emptied the waters. Now, the only way for a Lébou man to make a good living is to leave the villages for the cities, just as Daouda did. His family pooled their money for him, the oldest son, to go the university in Dakar.,After earning his degree, Daouda was offered a prestigious job with the Sénégalese military. He worked in the children’s hospital of a large city and specialized in tuberculosis — a very different world than he knew growing up in the small fishing village of Sindou.,One day he received news that this village had built a clinic, but the country’s shortage of medical workers meant that there was no one to run it. Unless he returned to his village, the clinic would sit empty.,“Assalaamaalekum [Peace be upon you],” I said, greeting the man wearing a lab coat, as I took off my plastic sandals and entered the clinic. I had only been in Sénégal a few months, but already my cultural eyes had adjusted. I could see that this small, cement-block building with no water or power was a symbol of progress for the people of Sindou.,Unlike their neighbors, they now had a clinic. When malaria made its annual trek through the country, they would have a place to go for medicine. When their children fell on the jagged rocks, they could be stitched up. They had someone they could trust, one of their own who had come home to help them.,They also had me, a young American health worker who stumbled through their melodic Wolof language and didn’t know the first thing about treating malaria. But Daouda understood my greeting, and he reached out to shake my hand. “Maalekum salaam [and on you be peace],” he said, heartily.,Daouda introduced me to the clinic staff, which included Aida, the assistant, Pape, the pharmacist, and Mbaye Siny, the receptionist. Mbaye’s painful-looking twisted leg was the result of a poorly aimed immunization needle that damaged his sciatic nerve as an infant, a fact that did not escape me the day Daouda taught me to give injections and run an I.V.,I had prayed that my first patients would not be children, fat tears on their pudgy cheeks. In fact, the experience could not have been any farther from what I’d imagined.,Daouda and I walked on sand through dry baobob trees to the nearby village of Pintiure, where a woman was very sick, but her family did not have the money to have her hospitalized. We found the woman on a thin foam mat in her hut surrounded by her sisters, who were chanting and praying to Allah. (More than 90 percent of the population is Muslim.),The woman’s name was Fatou. She was severely dehydrated, and not responding. Daouda’s resourcefulness impressed me as he strung an I.V. up to the straw roof. As I helped him, he said, in what I hoped was a joking tone, “Tomorrow you can do this by yourself. I’ll just watch.”,True to his word, the next day Daouda watched me preparing Fatou’s intravenous cocktail and then administering it during a five-hour process. My prayers had been answered: The first veins I worked on belonged to an adult who could not respond with tears or cries. Ironically, now I prayed that she would.,As we drank rounds of hot mint tea and waited, Daouda asked if I could come back tomorrow and do the same thing alone. We had been joking all day — like when I asked what to do with the used needles, and he told me to eat them to be sure the kids didn’t play with them — yet I decided not to respond sarcastically to his request for me to return solo, in case he was serious. He was.,Daouda had been forced to pick up a night shift at a hospital in the nearby town of Diamniadio to supplement his US$ 50 salary each month from the clinic, the most the village could afford to pay him. The next day he would work in the clinic in the morning, come by Pintiure to check on me in on his way to the hospital to work the night shift, then make it back to Sindou in time to work on Friday morning.,I wondered when he would find time to go home, catch a few hours of rest on his foam mattress, and eat a few handfuls of rice and fish prepared by one of his wives.,When we left that evening, Fatou had opened her eyes a few times, coughed once, and was moving her right arm. Her oldest sister tried to pay Daouda 2,000 CFA francs (US$ 4), which would cover about a third of the cost of the treatments, but Daouda refused and insisted that the money should stay in Pintiure, where many were malnourished. His selflessness and perseverance never ceased to amaze and humble me.,A few weeks later, one of the sisters in my Sénégalese host family brought her two-year-old daughter, Awa, to me. I quickly recognized the symptoms of malaria, so we took her to the clinic. Usually the clinic only closed for weekly prayers, and maybe the occasional soccer match against a rival team.,It hadn’t occurred to me that the clinic would be closed, since it was Friday afternoon and the men were praying at the mosque. Walking home, we ran into Daouda coming back from a shift at the hospital. Even after working all day and night, he opened the clinic for this little girl.,I followed Daouda into the pharmacy room when he went to get her medications. I told him that I wanted to pay the bill for Awa. He looked at me oddly, so I said again, hoping my accent would be better this time “I want to pay for it.”,He smiled, and then mimicked me exactly and said, “I want the clinic to pay for it.” To many of us, this may not seem like a lot, considering her treatment cost US$ 12, but in Sénégal that was a week’s pay.,Daouda would not let me pay, because Awa was part of my Sénégalese family. He knew that I had plenty of money to pay for the little girl’s treatment, but in his world relationships and family are the most treasured things.,The Sénégalese culture can be captured in one word: teranga, meaning hospitality. One of its many expressions is that you may be invited at any time of day or night to drink attaya, a hot and bitter green tea usually brewed and served in three rounds.,Each round takes up to an hour to prepare, and is served sweeter than the last. It symbolizes friendship, growing sweeter with time. Teranga is a way of life that treats others with kindness and respect, just as you would family.,I left Sénégal a few months later with stuffed bags, a filled heart and deep respect for a man named Daouda Mbengue, the man who came home.,If You Go,Sénégal Tourist Office,www.senegal-tourism.com,Travel and Tourism in Sénégal,www.au-senegal.com,Sénégalese Tour Guide,www.saintlouisdecouverteenglish.blogspot.com,When to Go,The best time to travel in Sénégal is between November and March, when it is fairly cool and dry.,What to Eat,Sénégal’s famous yassa ginaar is a dish made with chicken, caramelized onions and lemon juice, served over rice. You can find it on menus in fancy restaurants downtown as well as in street stalls. While yassa gets a lot of well-deserved attention, another delicious meal to try is ceebu jen. It’s not hard to find ceebu jen, as it is the meal served daily in Sénégalese homes. Smoked fish and vegetables are piled on top of rice cooked in a spicy broth, then eaten with your right hand.,Where to Go,The Île de Gorée is one of the most popular stops for visitors. An island off the coast of Dakar, it was the largest slave-trading center on the African coast, and the last stop on the slave-trade route before heading to the Americas.,A UNESCO World Heritage site since 1978, the island serves as a reminder of human exploitation and as a sanctuary for reconciliation.,In the Soumbedioune neighborhood of Dakar, there is a large artisan market offering handmade souvenirs. Bartering is half the fun. Walking away having made a new friend is the other half.,The city of Saint Louis — capital of the former French Western Africa from 1895 to 1902, and capital of Sénégal until 1958 — is in the northwestern corner of the country, at the mouth of the Sénégal River. It’s known for its colonial architecture and its annual jazz festival, and well as for being the gateway city to Djoudj Parc, a bird sanctuary about 37 miles (60 km) upstream.,If you are looking for a beach vacation, try the Saly-Portugal (or Saly-Portudal) area, about 45 miles (72 km) south of Dakar, which offers a multitude of western-run resorts with a wide variety of amenities and excursions. Shuttles from Dakar are available, and the scenic drive is a great introduction to Sénégal.,Drink the tea, but don’t miss out on the narrow-gauge railroad or the sidewalk vendors. And always seal the windows at night.,Ahhh…..the fireplace is roaring, a hot water pouch has heated my bed and I’ve just drawn the twin blankets up to my chin.,Oops! Forgot to make sure the windows are locked so the wild monkeys won’t jump in.  They’ve been known to slip into bed and snuggle up right next to you, some claim.,No, this is no daydream or wild hallucination. This is simply India. And India is never simple. By 10 a.m. tomorrow, I’ll be down to a T-shirt and flip-flops, drenched in sun block cream.,I’m in Darjeeling, the so-called queen of the Himalayas in northeast India. On a clear day, there is a magnificent panoramic view of the entire mountain range.  Just outside the city, at a spot called Tiger Hill, the tip of Mt. Everest can be seen in neighboring Nepal. The peak appears to be more a part of the sky than the Himalayas.,At more than 7,000 feet above sea level, Darjeeling can be so nippy at night that hot-water pouches have long been standard bed equipment.  Wild monkeys are also standard burglars and potential bedmates.,A sign in the room of my hotel, The Elgin, strongly advises guests to secure the windows at bedtime to keep out the furry invaders.,Besides the unequalled sweeping view of the entire Himalayan range, Darjeeling’s next claim to fame is tea, for which it is known worldwide.,There are more than 75 tea gardens surrounding the city, and the tea harvested here commands the highest rates at public auctions held each week in Calcutta and London before being exported throughout the globe.,The tea pickers are primarily women from Nepal, who earn less than $2 a day, a paltry fee but much more than they could earn in their own land.,Number three on Darjeeling’s tourist attractions is its 125-year-old “toy train,” a steam engine awarded UNESCO’s Heritage status, the only one accorded a vehicle. One can ride the train from here to Siliguri, about two hours south, as it chugs along at elevations ranging from 500 to 7,000 feet.,Construction of the narrow-gauge line was concluded in 1881.  Prior to that, Darjeeling’s only link to the rest of India was over a rugged mountain road.  The original steam engines are still in use, albeit at a leisurely pace, and snake through colorfully named spots like “Agony Point” and “Sensation Corner.”  Throughout the trip, the Himalayas serve as a dazzling background.,As with many cities, Darjeeling is perhaps best explored by walking. With a population of about 750,000, it has tripled in size since I last visited here 10 years ago.  However, the central square, called the Chowrasta, and the narrow winding roads leading down from it, haven’t changed much.,I stop at the very same bank where I exchanged money a decade ago, and have to sign what looks like the same musty blue ledger in several places before I can proceed to the next two cages upstairs and finally obtain my rupees.,Walking down the side streets I pass a number of familiar businesses and watch the sidewalk vendors (perhaps the same ones) switch their goods from wool caps and scarves in the early morning to sunglasses and sandals by noon.,All along the way are the “deliverymen” or “coolies” as they are known by the locals. A familiar sight throughout the Himalayas, they work as freelance couriers, carrying huge sacks of supplies on their backs.  They walk hunched over with the cloth handles of the sacks over their foreheads to ease the load. They are paid according to distance and weight.,Several monasteries are  on the outskirts of the city, including  the Yiga Choling Tibetan Monastery, built in 1875 and home of an enormous statue of the Buddha wearing a sublime expression.  Most Tibetan versions depict him in aggressive postures.,The name Darjeeling originated at the nearby Bhutia Busty Monastery. Early monks referred to the region as “Dorje-ling,” which translates loosely to land of the thunderbolt, and the name was eventually Anglicized to its present form.,While there are only about 5,000 Tibetans living in Darjeeling, their influence is strong, due mainly to the Tibetan Refugee Self Help Centre on the hill slopes north of the city.  It opened in 1959 after the exodus of the Dalai Lama and his followers from Tibet after the Chinese takeover.,Although the production of handicrafts is the main activity, the centre also trains artisans and operates an orphanage and infirmary for the aged.,There were only four workers when the centre began, but more than 750 refugees are there today, and 900–1200 have left to set up their own businesses in the Darjeeling area. American actor Richard Gere, a well-known supporter of Tibet, is a frequent visitor.,Back at the main square, the sun has set and the locals and visitors have left their benches for warmer climes.  The nighttime “winter” is not far off.  Time to fill the hot-water bags and seal the windows.,If You Go,Official Tourism website, Government of India,www.incredibleindia.org,Dominick A. Merle is Canadian director of the International Food, Wine & Travel Writers Assn. and resides in Montréal, Quebec.  His travel articles have appeared in virtually every major newspaper in the U.S. and Canada.  He specializes in Asian destinations., ,This Veteran’s Day, step into the past at the National World War I Museum in Kansas City.,A damaged war machine, officially known as a Renault FT-17 tank and commonly used by American forces during World War I, rests in retirement on a museum floor, still nursing its permanent wound in the shape of a gaping hole. A posted marker indicates that a German 77-millimeter artillery piece, like one on view, was responsible.,Nearby, visitors walk through a man-made crater, standing where a French farmhouse would have been had it not been struck by a 17-inch howitzer shell.,Not far away, one can peer into recreated trenches, the sights accompanied by sounds of bullets flying and soldiers tramping through mud.,And on a wall, iconic Uncle Sam glares from a war poster admonishing, “I want you for (sic) U.S. Army.”,This was World War I, and this is the National World War I Museum in Kansas City, opened to the public in 2006.,In some ways World War I, fought between 1914 and 1918, has become the forgotten war for Americans, but that never should have been allowed to happen. Some confuse it with World War II. A few years back, a nationally known reporter asked a brigadier general visiting the museum, “Did you fight in World War I?”,It’s not all ancient history. Metaphorically, the world was fighting World War I as recently as the 1990s. The Balkan civil wars of the mid-1990s could easily be viewed as an extension of the war.,But most people know little about the war once known as The Great War, which ended on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of 1918 — the day we Americans now celebrate as Veterans Day, once known as Armistice Day.,Museum spokesperson Denise Rendina said, “A lot of people know so much about World War II but nothing about World War I. The museum starts at the ground and builds the story for them.”,One enters the complex by crossing a recreated Western Front poppy field, reminiscent of the famed John McCrae poem, “In Flanders Field.” Each of the poppies represents 1,000 dead combatants. The actual museum is divided into two sections — one covering the years 1914-1917, before the United States entered the war, and the other delving into the years the United States took an active role in the fighting, 1917-1918.,Why was it fought? An enigmatic statement spoken by a narrator begins an introductory multi-media presentation: “No one can say precisely why it happened — which may be, in the end, the best explanation for why it did.”,The war did have a multitude of causes: social unrest, nationalism, ethnic pride, long-standing alliances naively meant to maintain a balance of power, and the match that lit the powder keg: the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the throne of the empire of Austria-Hungary, by a young Bosnian Serb named Gavrilo Princip.,The introductory video ends with the sounds of two gunshots, and a declaration that within one week after the assassination, seven European nations were at war with one another.,The details are told through an extensive timeline, the mass of which may seem intimidating. Then again, perusing the timeline is the only way to uncover such little known gems as the following from 1916: Future author “J.R.R. Tolkien takes part in the Battle of the Somme.,Tolkien’s first experience on the front comes on a Friday, July 14, with an unsuccessful attack on the village of Ovillers. His unit is later relieved after days of fighting.”,As at most modern museums, interactive exhibits engage visitors on personal and creative levels. You can use a light pen to design your own patriotic — or propaganda — poster, then email it home, or determine the uses of camouflage.,Or take some time to listen to fighting men’s letters read aloud as you look inside a typical trench. A German soldier gets teary-eyed on Christmas Eve in 1915, thinking about life in his hometown that night as he keeps company withhis own little tree in his trench.,A Belgian lieutenant complains about rats in his trench. A French infantryman offers, “Shells of all calibers kept raining on our sector. The trenches had disappeared, filled with earth. The air was unbreathable (sic). Our blinded, wounded, crawling and shouting soldiers kept falling on top of us and died splashing us with their blood. It was living hell.”,As the political map evolved as a result of World War I, so did the means of warfare. A virtual armory is here. Body armor, straight from the legends of Lancelot and Arthur, was tried early on, but soon tanks became the ultimate battlefield weapon.,Yet no other dimension of the war saw such fast-paced high tech advances as air combat. The heavier-than-air flying machine, just a decade past its birth at Kitty Hawk, evolved from a reconnaissance machine to fighters, dropping bombs, strafing trenches and gunning for one another.,By the end of the war, pilots were flying planes with two or three wings and maneuvering swiveling mounts for a second machine gunner. A replica of a biplane hangs from the ceiling, an ideal example of the growth of air warfare during the conflict.,The home front is also represented. A poster calls on women at home to do their part. “Joan of Arc saved France,” is printed above a photo of the martyred saint. It continues, “Women of America. Save Your Country. Buy War Savings Stamps.”,Representing the other side are the posted words of a 12-year-old German schoolgirl, Piete Kuhr: “Another collection has been announced at school, for copper, tin, lead, zinc, brass, and old iron … I turned the whole house over from top to bottom. Grandma cried, ‘Why don’t you give them your lead soldiers instead of cleaning me out?’ So my little army had to meet their deaths.”,The museum building has its own intriguing history. It opened in 1926 with a tower and two exhibit halls. By the 1990s the property was declared unsafe.,City leaders decided to convert the expansive space under the original structure into a state of the art museum. The two original galleries are used mainly for rotating exhibits, and yes, one can take an elevator and short stairway to the tower summit as World War I veterans did shortly after they returned stateside decades ago.,If You Go,Hours: Year round, summer, daily and major Monday holidays, 10-5; rest of year, daily except non-holiday Mondays, 10-5. Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day and New Year’s Day.,Admission: $14 adults; $12 ages 65 up and active and career retired military with ID; students ages 18 and up with ID; $8 ages 6-17.,Information: National World War I Museum, 100 West 26th Street, Kansas City, Mo. 64108, (816) 888-8100, www.theworldwar.org,Lodging: Sheraton Suites Country Club Plaza, 770 West 47th Street, (816) 931-4400, doubles: $129-$309, https://www.sheratoncountryclubplaza.com; Holiday Inn Aladdin Kansas City (boutique hotel), 1215 Wyandotte Street, (816) 421-8888, doubles: $109-$229 https://www.hialaddin.com; Sleep Inn, 7611 NW 97th Terrace, (816) 891-0111, doubles: $54.99-$64.99, continental breakfast included, https://www.sleepinn.com,Note: This is barbecue country. Some of Kansas City’s highly regarded barbecue restaurants include: Arthur Bryant’s Barbecue (three locations), https://www.arthurbryantsbbq.com/index.htm Fiorella’s Jack Stack Barbecue (four locations), https://www.jackstackbbq.com/ Gates Bar-B-Q (six locations) https://www.gatesbbq.com/ and Oklahoma Joe’s Barbecue (three locations), https://www.oklahomajoesbbq.com/,Travel off-the-beaten path with a trip to the fascinating Eastern European city of Warsaw. Explore the Old Town Market Square charm, historic museums and immerse yourself in a unique Poland experience.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,When Americans think about traveling to Europe, they often focus on Western Europe. We’ve found that oftentimes traveling through Eastern Europe can be even more rewarding.,Fewer tourists and every bit as much history and grandeur make nations like Poland a perfect choice.  Our first father-son trip overseas, and we opted to peruse Poland. ,Poland, once considered one of the wealthiest and mightiest countries in the world, appealed to my teenage son and I as we thought about where we’d like to travel for a father-son adventure. And what better place to start than the nation’s capital?,The express shuttle from Chopin International Airport to Warsaw’s Old Town offered a good orientation as we made our way through the City Center, where we saw the tallest building in Poland—Stalin’s Palace of Culture and Science—and the famously out-of-place palm tree at the center of a circle, an art instillation by Joanna Rajkowska called “Greetings from Jerusalem Avenue” that’s been standing there since the early 2000s.,The palm tree stands in the shadow of the former Communist Party Headquarters and within view of the Charles de Gaulle monument. Indeed, many corners of Warsaw seem to be a contrast of old and new—looking to the future but not forgetting their past.,From the city center, our bus took us down the Royal Route—the path kings used to travel at least twice in a lifetime: during their coronation march and funeral march. The Royal Route is now lined with cafes, restaurants, shops, museums, churches, former royal residences, the presidential residence, and Warsaw University.  ,The walk from the Royal Route into Old Town was stunning. In Old Town’s Palace Square, we marveled at the massive Zygmunt’s Column, topped by a statue of King Zygmunt III Vasa wielding a cross and a sword. The oldest secular monument in Poland, it was erected in 1644.,A couple of cobblestone side streets and beautiful cathedrals beyond, Old Market Square appeared like an oasis before us.,The square bustled with street café umbrellas, people eating pierogis and sausages and drinking beer and vodka beneath sun-blocking umbrellas, street artists selling paintings and sculptures, and people strolling in all directions.,The square was lined with beautifully colored buildings of yellow and orange, green and red, with sculptures decorating the corners and facades popping with lions and servants, ships and flowers.,While many of the multi-storied buildings were homes and rentals, most of the ground floors were stores and restaurants, cafes and vendors, antique shops and a post office. ,We’d only been in our home square for minutes, and we’d already spotted the best place to buy ice cream, beer, and the bell string for conjuring an old woman from a hole in the wall who sold hot, freshly-baked breads and pastries. In one corner of the square, an accordion player performed; in another, a three-piece string ensemble. ,“Wow,” Alex said, “look at her!” He pointed to the middle of the square. ,At the center of Old Town Market Square stood Warsaw’s protector: the mermaid. She’s been present on Warsaw’s coat of arms since the 1300s. People swarmed around the Poland statue, this being the most popular representation of her.,“She’s really cool,” I said. There would be plenty of time to admire Warsaw’s mermaid during our stay. She was right on our apartment’s doorstep.,Warsaw sometimes gets a bad rap for Soviet-era dreariness. And it’s true that a half hour’s walk from Old Town brings you to soviet-era apartment buildings, complete with the same types of playgrounds, kiosks, and trams that you’d find in Russia.,But along with the leftovers from the soviet occupation—massive buildings and dreary ones—exists the beautiful buildings of earlier, Polish influence: breathtaking cathedrals, museums, and palaces. It’s all interesting, but the Old Town and Royal Mile sights were our favorites.,Not that they’re really that old. About 85 percent of Warsaw’s Old Town buildings were destroyed during World War II. But they were rebuilt after the war in the same style, earning the UNESCO World Heritage “Reconstruction Masterpiece” designation. ,Our rented flat was on the top floor of one of the buildings overlooking Old Town Square—the perfect location with the perfect view. From our loft, we could look down on the bustling crowds and outdoor café-dwellers in the square, the mermaid standing guard, her back to us.,Beyond the buildings and churches of Old Town, we could see the taller buildings of Warsaw’s City Center, including the tallest building in Poland: the massive Palace of Culture and Science—which is known as Stalin’s “gift” to the Polish people, to put it kindly.,The more impressive palace, to Alex and me, was the Royal Castle in Old Town, just across from Zygmunt’s Column and about a 5-minute stroll from our flat.,Originally built in 1596, the castle was rebuilt between 1971 and 1988, keeping to the original Baroque style. Inside, the royal apartments, marble room, and elaborate craftsmanship make it feel as though you’ve stepped back several centuries. In Poland, they do make them like they used to. ,Poland knows what it means to live under the influence of Russia, having once been under Stalin’s thumb. Perhaps that is why the Polish government and people have been so kind to refugees from Ukraine. ,Since Russia’s attack on Ukraine, More than 1.3 million refugees have entered Poland, many of them with the intention of staying long-term. A quarter of a million of them landed in the Warsaw region. A million and a half Polish families have invited Ukrainian refugees into their homes.,In fact, a recent study found that about 77 percent of Polish people have been involved in one way or another in helping refugees from neighboring Ukraine. ,Our visit was before any of these changes, but even as visitors we were often invited into restaurants with open arms and enthusiasm. No doubt this is part of the culture, and you can expect to be treated kindly. ,For long stays of more than a few days, we’ve had great luck renting well-reviewed apartments using Airbnb. For short stays, TripAdvisor and Booking.com offer spectacular deals on hotels.,Whichever route or combination you choose, be sure to consider the reviews along with location and price. Paying a little more to be in the center of the places you want to visit ends up saving time and money.,We made our home in Aga’s Old Town Square flat with the best view. Not the Hilton, but a very comfortable apartment with two bedrooms, living room, kitchen, bathroom, and a view of the square from one side and a view of the river from the other. ,Author’s Bio: Eric D. Goodman enjoys travel as much as he does writing. He’s author of Wrecks and Ruins, a novel set partially in Lithuania, The Color of Jadeite, a thriller set in China, Womb: a novel in utero, Tracks: A Novel in Stories, and Flightless Goose (2008). His travel stories and short fiction have been published far and wide. Eric lives with his wife and children in Maryland, where he curates the popular Lit & Art Reading Series. Learn more at www.EricDGoodman.com or connect at www.Facebook.com/EricDGoodman. ,Issyk-Kul Lake in Kyrgyzstan provides the opportunity to get off the beaten path and experience the beautiful scenery and meet local people.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,From everything I’d read while preparing for my trip to Kyrgyzstan, the primary point of appeal was the nature and landscape. Therefore, after a few days in the capital city of Bishkek, I took a bus east towards Issyk Kul lake.,It is the second-largest salt lake in the world, the Caspian Sea being the first, and a key player in the country’s biosphere.,The driver of our marshrutka, the 15-seater passenger van, didn’t speak any English. However, his assistant Munya knew a little and was also eager to chat with me via Google Translate.,“Why do you travel single?”,“Where will you stay at lake?”,“When you return to Bishkek?”,For 4 hours, we swapped questions about each other’s respective countries and customs, one line at a time. During our rest stop, he pointed out the popular fish that people ate with their hands. It was dried and hanging up by the roadside. The smell alone was enough for me to avoid it.,We pulled into Bokonbaevo, the largest town on the southern coast of Issyk Kul Lake. By this time, Munya had convinced me to check out a beautiful viewpoint within walking distance of the center.,I grabbed my backpack from the trunk, waved to the van still half full of people, and followed my Maps.me app to the road leading to the vista point.,I strolled between fields of tall grass and flowers, with snow-topped mountains on both sides in the distance. On the way, I met two Austrian travelers heading for the same viewpoint.,However, when they took out their phones to show me we realized that it was, in fact, 13 kilometers away. Therefore, we unanimously decided to save time and hitchhike, a very common form of transportation in the country.,Luckily, a car pulled up not long thereafter and we squeezed into the back, with two teenage children in the trunk and the father of the family driving. The mother, who spoke a little English, excitedly told us on our bumpy ride about their home in the mountains.,“It going to be guesthouse for travelers! We have dog, cat, horse, see baby chicken?”. In an unexpected move, she opened a shoebox on her lap. Three baby chicks were revealed, bumping around and chirping as they traveled to their new home.,We couldn’t help but grin in the back at her contagious enthusiasm.,We jumped out at the final fork in the road and made our way up the last 1.2 km. It was a steep uphill climb, passing a farm along the way with muddy tractors and splinter-filled fences.,We gestured, indicating walking people with two fingers. Two older men in torn jeans and off-white buttoned-down shirts waved us through with a grunt.,Two yurt camps lay untouched, due to pandemic-era low tourist numbers, no doubt. At the highest point in the ridge, around a bend and past a brush, we finally emerged to a panoramic view of the lake’s southern coast. The next smallest town, Tong, lay on the left with multiple lake-side camps lining the shore down the right.,The preparations for the upcoming second annual Kol-fest, an international music festival, were well underway. Scaffolding and trucks could be seen all along the shore.,Further inland, the lights and tops of homes from Bokonbaeva were the largest blocks in view. The lake’s pristine blue water spread out in front of us, without any visible sign of the opposite shore.,We had all booked at the same Bel-Tam beach yurt camp for that evening so we shared a taxi there. The camp had about 15 yurts. Some of which could fit up to 4 mattresses on top of multiple layers of wool carpets on the ground. They were sturdily built to protect from the chill of the lake that was just 20 meters away.,A large dining yurt had multiple tables and numerous cushions on the floor. We enjoyed a home-cooked traditional meal there with other visitors from around the world. As we ate we shared stories of the horse riding adventures and hiking trails we’d visited that day.,Eventually, people began to drift off towards the bar by the open kitchen. Their laughter carried out over to where others sat around a bonfire, stargazing and breathing in the salty lake breeze.,I found myself by the hand-crafted swings with some of the young local staff. Many were high school students working during their summer holiday and hoping to practice their English.,They regaled me with stories about the last Kol-fest. “All the major singers came from all over the world, nobody sleep for days!” I also heard of all the work going into this year’s doubly grand event to compensate for the 2020 canceled festival.,When I retreated to my yurt for the evening, I found it to be pleasantly insulated. Not just from the cold but also from noise. The colorful interior matched the folktale written inside on parchment. It detailed the history of the previous owners, a nomadic family of 8.,A heavily padded mat rolled down to cover the entrance. The circular ring at the top, a family heirloom that gets passed down as an essential component for keeping any yurt intact, let in just enough light to see the night sky.,The next morning, I was picked up for my kayaking adventures with Nastyia and Sergey, two Russians that were the tour guides for our group of 7. After a brief introduction to basic safety tips, we launched into the water.,We were two people per kayak, with life vests on and pouches of snacks, safely in plastic bags, for our break.,I was partnered with Nastyia, who pointed out the various rivers that merge into the lake with freezing glacial run-off water. I chuckled at her description of the decades-old “iron giraffes” which take goods, such as coal and wood, from ships and deliver them across the lake.,At one point, we passed a dock with a structure on it.  ,Nastyia mentioned it was for “pushing turpek” back in the Soviet days. When I asked what that was in English, she struggled to explain. It took 10 minutes of dancing around the elusive word before we discovered that she meant testing torpedoes in the height of the USSR. ,At our lunch break, on the sandy beaches of the north shore, we spoke about the lack of water activities on the lake except for theirs and the potential for tourism and marketing there. They elaborated on their history of launching the kayaking business.  ,It was created with assistance, training and donations from the German development organization GIZ. Also, they had primarily developed it to provide for their NGO that ran leadership and language workshops for youth. ,After rowing back towards our launching point, we were dropped off in town where a friend met me with her rental car. She planned to meet a local yurt-maker to negotiate prices for shipping back to the U.S. and wanted some company.,With the man’s address in hand, we headed towards a small town called Barskoon. We pulled up to a large yard with an open gate and knocked on the main door.,An elderly man, the yurt-maker named Mekenbek, welcomed us into his home and business, called Ak Orgo, along with his wife and 11-year-old daughter. The main entrance was clearly their living room. Hand-made wool crafts were all over the walls and on tables with stickers displaying the prices.,Mekenbek’s daughter stood by him, fingers furiously Google translating as he discussed prices and details with my friend. The cost was dependant on the size – 3 meters in length, 5 meters or 10 meters for large events – and the type of detail in the reeds which encircle the yurt.,The mother kept supplying the table with borsok, a triangular fried dough commonly eaten with jam and tea. Together, they were an adorably comical group.  Mekenbek showed us photo albums of his artisanal crafts fair exhibition in the U.S. two decades ago.,His daughter chirped up once in a while from behind him with occasionally mistranslated words. His wife also popped in and out of the kitchen, only to reappear with a cup of sugar or bananas, eager to please her foreign guests.,During all this, she even convinced Mekenbek to play his komuz, a traditional string instrument that he happened to have hanging on the wall.,Afterward, they took us on a tour of his workshop in the adjacent building. The first few rooms had a myriad of machinery covered in layers of wood chippings and dust.,Some were mechanized ways of pounding wool into the carpet. Others helped to shave off the rough layers of wood for the ring to encircle the bottom of the yurt.,A large room to the side held patterns for spray painting designs, and the largest room of them all held multiple pieces of curved planks which could be folded so the yurt could be transported.,An enormous outdoor space was open around a series of concentric circles, obviously used to erect and work on differently sized yurts. ,By the time we left, Whatsapp numbers were exchanged and stored in our phones, the girl was confident enough to string together whole phrases in English and the mother gave us some pastries to go. We waved farewell to Mekenbek and his family, the melody from the komuz still playing in our memories.,Start planning your trip to Kyrgyzstan today. Get prepared with insider tips on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, restaurant recommendations and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the best flight options, train tickets and ground transportation in Kyrgyzstan check out OMIO Travel Partner.,After Kyrgyz, which is a Turkish language, Russian is the lingua franca. It will help if you can at least learn to read some Cyrillic, if not learn the basic phrases in Russian or Kyrgyz. Knowing some Turkish will also help in communicating with locals.,Download Maps.Me which has many hiking trails. Check the weather and pack accordingly – the summers around the lake don’t get much warmer than 25 in the daytime.,The Bel-Tam Beach Yurt Camps can make reservations in advance, although it’s not necessary. They can be reached at +996 555 922 919. They are also a part of a group of yurt camps with many other locations, depending on your preference.,Author Bio: Annie Elle is an international educator who has lived and worked abroad for the last 10 years. Originally from Los Angeles, she is currently living in the Kurdistan region. She has recently picked up ultimate frisbee and continues to passionately seek out new foods to try in her spare time.,From Balinese culture to beautiful beaches and temples, travel in Bali is soothing to the soul.,I smelled it first: Sweet incense slicing through the thick, wet, organic air. Then I saw the Balinese woman carrying the incense in a small, woven, palm leaf basket filled with rice and flowers. She placed the basket on the edge of the porch of the bungalow in which my husband and I were staying.,Her basket of blessings was an offering she made every day, no matter who was staying in the bungalow. The Balinese put offerings out every day, everywhere – in their homes, business, vehicles and on roads. Once a sacrifice is made, it’s ignored, and the stray dogs eat the rice.,But this was my first such gift, and I was amazed at how beautiful the woven leaf basket looked with the humble offerings from a people to their gods. It was the first of many blessings I would receive in Bali.,Bali is an island of Hinduism in a country of mostly Muslims. It is an oasis of dance and art in a world where commerce is the ideal. It is a mecca of temples and ceremonies in an era where religious wars are fought with automatic weapons. Even the name is musical. Bali –- where the visitor is blessed, simply by being there.,This magical location is located on a small island in Indonesia. Its community-based culture works well to keep the more than three million people happy on its 87 by 50 miles (or 140 by 80 km) land mass just south of the equator.,An active volcano, Gunung Agung, dominates the island. According to legend, the gods live on its exalted peak. From there, the holiest place on Bali, the gods watch over the pageant of Balinese life.,Usually visitors fly into Bali and land in Denpassar, the capitol. Most then immediately leave the city and head for the beaches, and the majority of those go to Kuta beach on the southern shores.,Kuta has a bad reputation, mostly for being over-run with tourists. And, of course, the 2002 terrorist bombing of the “Sari” Nightclub left a bitter taste in the region.,In some ways, Kuta is an easy introduction to Indonesia. Almost everyone speaks market English, there are umpteen lodgings to choose from, the menus feature recognizable foods, and the shopping for batiks, woodcarvings and jewelry is terrific.,But after a couple days of such ease, we headed inland to Ubud, the cultural center of Bali. The Balinese have always looked towards the mountains and away from the sea, so Kuta is not very important to them, yet Ubud is vital.,Surrounded by rice paddies, Ubud is calm and peaceful, especially after the hawkers in Kuta. In Ubud, the best thing to do is walk. Any direction will take you somewhere beautiful and interesting. Plan to stay several days. Whatever time you have, it probably won’t feel like enough.,In Ubud we discovered the soul of Bali.,The main street in Ubud is called Monkey Forest Road, and it truly leads to a monkey filled forest. The day we entered the cool woods, curious monkeys waited for handouts, while a small Balinese man swept the dirt walkways. And all the while, we could hear a faint hum. At first it seemed to be just the normal magical hum of Bali, then it grew louder and louder, and we realized something was happening.,We walked up a short hill and saw a large gathering of Balinese people. Women wearing black lace blouses and yellow sarongs carried beautifully arranged fruit and foods on top of their heads. Children ran in between the adults. All along, the hum grew louder. A group of men came carrying a bamboo platform covered by a huge pink paper garuda (a mythical figure with a human torso and arms, a demonic face and a bird’s legs, wings and tail). They yelled while the women threw water on the men’s black shirts.,Then another platform followed on the backs of more men, this one with a white throne decorated with mirrors, flowers and silk. It was a funeral. The men spun around in an attempt to confuse any spirits who might want to prevent the dead man’s spirit from going to the gods.,Accompanying the cheering and yelling of the people was a gamelan orchestra, a surprisingly melodic music using percussion instruments such as gongs, xylophones and drums. The orchestra played in a clearing in the forest.,The top half of the garuda was removed, revealing a corpse inside. We were witnessing a cremation ceremony. It is considered a happy occasion here in Bali, as it means the deceased can now go to go be with his/her gods. Before the helpers light the body with a gas torch, the dead man’s kin wish his/her spirit a safe journey.,But it is not easy to burn things in this humid climate, and it took the torch man many tries to get the body to burn. Hours later, when all that was left is ashes, the people feasted.,Later in Ubud, we watched several traditional dances being performed for the tourists. Each dance has meaning – some represent Balinese or Hindu history; others like the Legong represent the archetype of the feminine.,It is always young girls who perform the Legong dance, their faces heavily painted, their delicate fingers arched back almost to their wrists, their eyes bold. Young men perform the Kechak dance about the monkey king, Hahnaman of Hindu mythology. Their voices are a chorus of shrieks and yells. Both dances are guided by the compelling gamelan orchestras.,I soaked in this music as I walked through the main streets of Ubud, where students learn its unusual rhythms. It was music that permeates Bali and sounds that saturated my spirit.,Long before you can begin to know what all the imagery is about and how deep the layers go, the art of Bali is working on you. The Balinese have no word for art or artist. Traditionally, art has never been regarded as something to be treasured for its own sake. Prior to the tourist invasion, art was just something you did. You painted or carved along with farming and dancing.,Although there are beautiful art and crafts to be purchased in the numerous shops, it’s the every day art that is most impressive. The funeral towers and sarcophagi at the cremation were stunning. It probably took the family a year or more to save up for such a glorious event. The over 200,000 temples on Bali are incredible works of art ranging from Beskiah, the Mother Temple, to the small family temples. The architecture and sculpture of the temples are distinctive and pure Bali.,The Balinese place great importance on the center of their islands. Perhaps it is because the volcano has so much influence over whether they live or die. The beaches are for catching fish and catering to tourists – the Balinese don’t use them for recreation like many tourists do.,Yet the beaches are lovely. On the north side of the island are the black sand beaches of Singaraja and Lovina, good places to snorkel. We hired a small boat to take us out on the reef as dolphins splashed ahead of us. The kaleidoscope of colors, fish, corals and sunlight nearly stung my eyes. Only a few places offer excellent diving. The dive-masters, equipment and boats run on rubber time, and it’s not a place for beginners.,On the way to Candidasa, a fishing village on the southeast coast, the driver stopped to make an offering at a roadside alter. It delighted me to witness a lifestyle where people pause to honor the divine throughout their day.,The village of Tenganan, which is not far from Candidasa, holds a unique place in the world. This community is one of only few remaining villages in Bali where fraternization with outsiders is strictly prohibited. As a result, the people and a culture are very different.,The native Balinese call them Bali Aga, or Old Bali. Tenganan clings to customs and practices that predate the arrival of Hinduism. It is a neat and orderly walled village with two rows of houses up each side and facing to the center. The people here make crafts such as flutes and traditional palm-leaf books depicting old stories from bamboo. It’s also the only place where the double ikat cloth is still woven. This art form is a type of weaving where the pattern is dyed on the thread before weaving.,While the people of Bali Aga have resisted most changes, television and the electricity needed to power them have arrived. Though there’s no electricity running when tourists are in the village though; I imagine it’s hard to hear the forest sounds at night over old American “MacGyver” reruns.,In Tenganan, we strolled up the clean paths and admired the many crafts for sale. We bought a bamboo drum and a mouth harp from young men. We played bamboo flutes with an old man in his dark home, and then a woman invited us in to buy her ikat cloth. She was willing to be photographed while she weaved – for a price. She also accepted Visa.,Near the end of our stay, we stayed with other travelers on the east side of Bali, at the base of Gunung Batur, a younger sister of the mighty Gunung Agung volcano. Rising before dawn, we climbed her 3000 feet (914 meters). At the top, the crater is filled with morning mist. Young Balinese offered us tea, water and soda in the little warung (food stand) at the top. Even in hiking boots, it was a slippery, steep climb, yet I watched the Balinese run up in thongs, carrying drinks. And of course, there was an offering at the top.,Eventually, it came time to leave Bali. We went to the port village of Padangbai, on the southeast shore, to catch a ferry to the neighboring island of Lombok. After we jumped across the open water to board, I noticed an offering in yet another leaf basket on the front of the ferry.,Even our departure was blessed.,Indonesia and Bali Tourism
www.indonesia-tourism.com,Bali Tourism Authority
www.balitourismauthority.net,Helpful Information on Bali,Join Trusted Housesitters in Bali,Book at stay at Anantara’s luxury resort in Bali — Uluwatu Hotel

Lonely Planet: Bali & Lombok Travel Guide,Lonely Planet: Indonesia Travel Guide,Sounds like a fun place to visit. I am hoping to do more traveling next year and I really want to visit Bali. Wish me luck.,South Africa’s Cape Winelands are loved the world over. Muratie Estate offers a wonderful wine experience.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Tucked away in the quiet Knorhoek valley just ten minutes from Stellenbosch in South Africa’s Cape Winelands you will find Muratie wine estate.,South Africa’s Cape Winelands are loved the world over not only for their fabulous wines, but also their breath-taking landscapes, amazing wine-tasting venues, quaint accommodation options, delicious cuisine, and all-around fabulous experience.,The Winelands cover a large area of South Africa’s Western Cape, encompassing some of the country’s most famous wine regions.,Some of the most popular regions for visitors to the Cape Winelands include Paarl, Tulbagh, Franschhoek and of course, Stellenbosch where you’ll find Muratie. But this is no ordinary Stellenbosch wine farm.,READ MORE: This 10-Day Land and Cruise Safari is the Perfect Introduction to Southern Africa,Yes, Muratie makes some great wines, and yes it has an amazing restaurant that serves farm-fresh cuisine for breakfast and lunch. But what really sets Muratie apart from other wine farms is the fact that it is still pretty much the same as it was in the late 1600s. ,The estate is owned and run by the Melck family who has been farming this land for most of its wine-making days. When arriving at Muratie you are almost immediately sent back in time thanks to the historic farming equipment and tools on display at the entrance to the wine cellar and tasting room.,Once inside the cellar, you will have entered a time capsule with original paintings and furniture that has been collected over many years. Any Stellenbosch visitor will be able to regale you with tales of Oom Samie Se Winkel. A local institution, and a must-do stop in the Cape Winelands.,Reminiscent of the rural trading posts of the Victorian era, the store is packed floor to ceiling with knick-knacks, artworks, antiques, and relics of a bygone era. And when stepping foot inside Muratie it’s easy to see that this estate is owned by the same family of collectors!,The tasting room is also something special with its cobwebs that decorate the walls and wrap themselves around the vintage wine bottles and paintings on display.,The owners of the farm have converted some of the old concrete fermentation tanks into little sitting areas where you can still feel the wax coating on the walls. However, just next door more of these ancient concrete fermentation tanks still hold some of the estate’s recent vintages.,The tasting experience will also introduce you to some of the characters from the farm’s past with each wine varietal named after one of the people who share Muratie’s rich history.,Once you’ve arrived at Muratie, the estate’s welcoming atmosphere will ensure you never want to leave and thankfully we didn’t have to just yet as my family and I had the pleasure of spending an amazing night on the farm. ,Muratie has only one offering for accommodation which is the GP Canitz Guest Cottage, sleeping two adults. The cottage is well equipped with one large bedroom with an en-suite bathroom, a small kitchen, and a beautiful living room with a large fireplace.,It is situated close to the restaurant and within a few steps from the tasting room and art gallery. ,Now if you had ever dreamed of owning a wine farm this is just the place for you. Once the farmworkers have gone home and the restaurant and tasting room have closed, Muratie is completely yours – well apart from the actual owner of course, who lives in the farm’s historical manor house. ,Once we had done some exploring and taken a stroll through the vineyards, we decided to take our bottle of MCC and sit on the grass and simply take in our surroundings as the sun slowly slipped behind the mountains. ,But, as mentioned, there is so much more to Muratie than just good food and wine. The estate is also a haven for lovers of the outdoors with amazing hiking trails as well mountain biking. There is even a trail center on site which caters to all your needs. ,Harking back to Muratie’s art history, with one of the farm’s previous owners GP Canitz (for which the cottage is named) being a famous artist, there is also an art gallery on the property. Here modern artworks sit juxtaposed against the bare brick walls of the very first dwelling on the estate.,There’s bound to be something everyone can enjoy at this rustic, off-the-beaten-track, wine estate in the Cape. Whether you are visiting for the day or wanting to plan a romantic weekend away, you should definitely add Muratie to your bucket list.,Ready to plan a rejuvenating vacation to South Africa’s Cape Winelands? Start preparing with insider tips on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the best deals on flights, train tickets and car rental options, visit OMIO Travel Program.,Get a taste of the bold flavors of South Africa before your trip with the help of Wine.com. A personal sommelier will chat with you about you wine preferences and regions to explore then a selection of bottles will ship to your door. Find your new favorite bottles here.,Read our other articles about exciting destinations here:,Author Bio:  Janine Avery was born and bred in Cape Town, South Africa, and says there is nowhere she would rather call home. She is a lover of all things nature and loves to explore new places, enjoying any form of travel from basic tenting to lazing in luxury lodges. She also loves to dabble in digital marketing, spread messages on social media, and take audiences on a journey through her travel stories.,Muratie is a gem. I’ve stayed in the cottage, been hosted by the Melcks and have visited and reviewed many South African wine estates. I can’t say I have a favourite (so many varied experiences) but, if attending a wine event (in South Africa), I try to first sample Muratie wines and use that as a yardstick for others. Why? Because their wine making process is, how shall I put it, more organic/au naturelle. No additives etc. In fact, the first time I visited- back in the 80s, grapes were being trampled by foot. Their port is exceptional.,Being the capital of Romania, Bucharest is one of the most affordable destinations in Europe. From the historic buildings to the nightlife, there are endless reasons to explore Bucharest.,Bucharest is Romania’s capital and is the largest city. Bucharest is the most important industrial and economic center of the country. Also, it is one of Europe’s most authentic capitals.,Bucharest is, undoubtedly, an unforgettable experience for those who choose to visit it, whether they are city residents or tourists.,For most people, Bucharest is still ignored as a travel destination, but believe us that it is one of the most affordable destinations in Europe where you can enjoy, among others, interesting cuisine and intense nightlife.,Even though Romania is part of the European Union since 2007, the country is yet to adopt Euro, a fact that keeps it a cheap destination for traveling.,The hand of the communist era is still evident in the city since the architecture of many buildings in the center was influenced by that period. On the other hand, you can feel an urban and contemporary lifestyle arising in the city.,Bucharest is a heaven for foodies because the local culinary scene combines international trends with traditional ones which are inspired by both Eastern and Western culture. The Bucharest nightlife is well distinguished for being spicy and wild. The city really offers great nightclubs and bars playing good music and hosting beautiful people partying until dawn.,The heart of Bucharest is now a combined charming area with cobblestone streets, popular restaurants and bars, cafes, shops, and restored buildings of great architectural and cultural importance. The old city is the reference point for fun – it is energetic, lively, and always crowded with locals and tourists.,The Palace of the Parliament is the most emblematic buildings in Bucharest – it is a must-visit place if you want to understand the history of Romania and its past. The Palace of the Parliament is one of the heaviest buildings and the second-largest administrative building in the world, after the Pentagon in the USA.,Calea Victoriei is a historic avenue and one of the most prestigious landmarks in the center. If you want to feel the vibes, to visit museums, shop luxury brands, enjoy the buildings you can walk down the avenue.,Be sure to bring some luggage with extra room for shopping. eBags has the best brands at discounted rates so you can be confident in durability, size and style when you’re traveling around Europe. Find your new luggage here.,Bucharest center has also plenty of green sanctuaries, that are waiting for you to explore. Locals enjoy gathering at the parks to socialize, play, and relax. You can definitely spend a relaxing afternoon at Cișmigiu Gardens – an English-style garden.,The best way to reach the city is by using Uber. Even though Bucharest has a metro and other conventional way of public transportation, we believe that the most convenient one for a tourist to move around the city is by using Uber.,They are reliable, transparent, and cheap, with friendly drivers… oh, and the most amazing fact is that you know the cost of the ride before you even book it! On the other hand, be aware that there are non-legitimate taxis in the city that may try to rip you off especially when you don’t speak the language.,In Bucharest, you have a lot of accommodation options ranging from luxury hotels to local apartments. Any of these options are cheaper compared to similar services in other European capitals. Also, you can choose to stay in an Airbnb flat.,Caru’ cu Bere restaurant is the symbol of Bucharest with 130 years of history.  They serve real traditional Romanian food in the most amazing possible way. Once you step in you will see that the building is a masterpiece of Neo-Gothic style, classified as a Historical and Architectural Monument.,You can try a roasted pork knuckle with braised sour cabbage, polenta, horseradish, and chili pepper, and surely you will be very satisfied.  Reservation is a must since the restaurant is very popular.,Bucharest nightlife is not-to-be-missed. In fact, it is cheaper compared to other European party destinations. Most of the nightlife happens in the old town where many bars and pubs are full of locals and tourists.,However, the clubbing scene in the city is insane offering chic, luxurious, and high-class options at a fair cost. Romanian people love to go out for dancing and drinking, therefore don’t be surprised to realize how sociable the locals are, especially in the clubs.,The beer prices are very cheap and they surely can make you consider leaving any city for good. Even in touristy spots, two pints will cost you less than a fiver. You have to make sure to try ‘out tuică’ – a traditional spirit made from plums.,Inspired to plan your authentic Romanian experience? First, you’ll want to find the best flight options and transportation packages through Kiwi. Next, check out hotel deals, insider tips on Bucharest restaurants, favorite local sights and more on TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Don’t forget to book a couple of activities in advance! GetYourGuide has top-rated tours in Bucharest like the Dracula’s Castle Full-Day Tour or the 3-Hour Guided Tour of Communist Bucharest. You can now cancel anytime up to 24 hours before the event with a full refund so you can plan your trip for any changes that come up. Book your adventures here!,Ever gone shopping in a cemetary? Cairo’s Friday Market brings a whole new meaning to bargain hunting.,Had you asked me when I first moved to Egypt whether I’d ever wear a shirt stolen from a dead person, I would have recoiled and questioned your sanity. Or if you’d asked me the street price for an Egyptian tortoise or Vervet monkey, I would have shrugged in bewilderment. Then again, I never thought I’d ever be doing most of my shopping in a cemetery, or bargaining for used clothing and endangered animals.,Shortly after graduating from college, I decided to move to Cairo, Egypt to study Arabic as well as to spread my wings and live abroad for a few years. In the process, I discovered a market and a way of shopping that defined my experience as a whole.,In the massive urban sprawl of Cairo, there are five major cemeteries that were at one time located on the outskirts of town. But because of the rapid expansion of Cairo over the last few decades, these cemeteries have slowly become more and more central.,Due to housing shortages, overpopulation, and the rising cost of living, today the cemeteries have become home to over 5 million of Egypt’s urban poor. They have migrated there in droves, usually taking over in squatter fashion, grabbing the free real estate before someone else can move in, and making the tombs of the dead into residences for the living. These vast tracts of overcrowded cemeteries that lie along Cairo’s Moqattam Hills have become known collectively as the “City of the Dead,” a mysterious, unknown, and foreboding place for both foreigners and Cairenes alike.,As one passes by the tombs made into houses, you see children dressed in threadbare clothing standing in the doorways and playing in the garbage-strewn streets. You notice the creative use of cement coffins inside the tombs that serve as everything from ironing boards to dinner tables, from benches to beds. Laundry lines crisscross the spaces, strung up between gravestones, and television antennas are propped up on the low, flat roofs.,Although some of the earlier residents have illegally spliced wires from nearby mosques and run electric wires to their tombs, most residents do not have the luxury of lights, TVs or telephones. And since people living in the tombs are technically illegal squatters by Egyptian law, there is also no sewer or trash service. Piles of garbage are on every street corner, while some alleys run with raw sewage. The chief source of income for these people is a large market that occurs every Friday morning, open to all who have something to sell, with no vendor fees or laws to regulate what is sold.,Shopping in the suq al guma’a or “Friday Market” in Cairo’s City of the Dead is an event that draws tens of thousands of Cairo’s poorest every week to a place where they can both buy and sell almost any kind of junk, trinket, or treasure, at a price that they can all afford. It also occasionally draws one or two Western-weary, slightly adventurous, financially struggling Arabic students, such as myself.,Even on my meager student’s stipend, I could feel like a king for a day.,As I jump off a minibus, which slows down only slightly to allow the frantic passengers to simultaneously jump on and off, I find myself at the front entrance of the infamous Friday market — a large unpaved street that winds for about a mile (1.6 km) through the tombs of the now inner-city graveyard. I am at once hit by smells, sounds and images that are almost overpowering — a motorcycle stacked with dozens of camel legs sits beside huge buckets filled with goat, donkey and sheep entrails. Large pails of cow liver and raw fat sit in the sun, while women and men with blood up to their elbows yell back and forth bargaining with potential buyers over the din of the crowd.,“Liver! Stomach! Intestines!” a black-clad woman shouts as she pushes her way through the crowd, carrying a dirty plastic bucket atop her head swarming with flies.,The mass of people is so thick that I am herded into one direction or another almost against my will, and have to step between vendors to get my bearings. This is survival shopping at its best, just as it’s been in this part of the world for thousands of years. Success at finding a good deal here depends solely on one’s aggressiveness, bargaining capability, and craftiness, as opposed to your credit limit, as it is back in my hometown of Washington, D.C. It’s also a refreshing lesson in honesty, as both the seller and I can be completely honest about our intent to fleece the other for all he’s worth.,I pause by the merchants who have spread out their small blankets in front of them to display wares they have picked up out of the garbage or stolen off the streets during the past week — piles of broken toys, smashed remote controls, old plastic container lids, coils of wire, pieces of a computer, here and there an old watch, a magazine — all for a price that even the poorest of the poor can afford. Most of the merchandise is actual bona-fide junk, such as innards of long-outdated typewriters, dented hubcaps, old bed springs, a piece of twine, a broken phone receiver — that they are hoping someone, somewhere has a use for. The vendors start their prices out by sizing you up visually: if you are well-dressed and look like you have money, the price starts high.,“Does this work” I ask, pointing to an old VCR with a smashed display panel.,“Yes, it works,” the man says, brushing the dust off of it with his sleeve.,“Can I test it?” I ask. He looks around at the mud and cement walls along the street and shrugs. I forget that there are no electricity outlets for miles around here.,“I’ll take that alarm clock there for one guinea,” (about US$ 0.20) I say.,“Are you kidding?” He laughs, “It’s worth more than four!”,“Two guineas,” I say.,“By God, I wouldn’t sell it to my own mother for that!”,I wave my hand and feign walking away.,“Wait!” He says, “May God curse you, take it for three” and shoves it in my hands.,“I can buy a new one for only three and a half!” I counter, and we continue this until a price acceptable to both of us is finally agreed upon, and we both part grinning to ourselves at our shrewdness. Never has shopping been so exiting.,I move on to the used clothing sellers who heap their merchandise into large mountains on top of plastic tarps, with crowds of people digging through them indiscriminately, holding up blouses, underwear, pants, ties, shorts, and socks, yelling out an offer, and then throwing them back to keep on searching.,As I sit rifling through the mound of clothing, a man passing by leans over and says in a low voice, “Don’t touch those clothes, they’re from the dead.” I look at him in disbelief. “They take them off their bodies before they are even cold,” he continues.,Judging from the smell of them, I suspect he’s probably right.,“Why should that stop you?” a nearby woman says laughing. “They don’t need them anymore!”,I had heard from an Egyptian friend that some of these clothes come from charitable organizations in the West, whose shipments are frequently sold by the ‘charitable organizations’ to second parties, who in turn sell them to third parties on the streets. However, other sources of clothes are more dubious. More than one person told me to wash the clothes I bought at the Friday market at least three times.,“When someone dies in Cairo, they do not sit in the grave clothed for very long,” my friend said. “Some,” he continued, “are even taken before they get to the grave.” He explained how sometimes the doorman of an apartment building will often inform his cohorts when a building tenant has died, and before the grieving family has a chance to discover the tragedy, they rush the apartment taking all of the belongings, from the china in the cupboards to the clothes on the corpse.,Despite the warning, I find a great fleece button-up shirt that doesn’t smell too awful, and haggle it down to US$ 2.50 (about 13 Egyptian pounds). I have to throw in another five cents for a plastic bag to carry it in.,Up the street I pass a row of shoe sellers, wondering what one would do with an unmatched single shoe.,“This one almost matches,” The vendor tells me, holding up another single shoe. “They are both black.”,“Yes, but they are different styles,” I say.,“Then let me make you a deal,” he says. “You get one shoe for half-price”,I can hear and smell the live animal market before I reach it. Here, you can find every kind of animal species that survives the trip up from Sudan and Eastern Africa for sale. There are monkeys, hawks, badgers, weasels, parrots, fish, all packed dozens to a cage. I see a large wire container filled five feet (1.5 m) high with desert tortoises, the ones on the bottom clearly being crushed. Most of the animals in the market look to be near death, which doesn’t seem to bother the crowds of kids who are poking at them with sticks and throwing rocks and cigarettes into their cages. I ask how much the desert falcon is, and the seller won’t go down below 80 guineas.,“What do you feed him?” I ask.,“Anything. Bugs, meat, fish, fruit” he says. I didn’t know hawks ate fruit, I say to him, but he is already busy fighting children away from the poisonous snakes with a stick.,Just around the corner is a taxidermist who apparently has a relationship with the animal seller and offers ferocious-looking stuffed versions of the same animals for sale. They look diabolically creepy, fitted with cheap glass eyes taken from dolls, and then given an evil grin with bared teeth or open beak, sometimes with fake blood painted around the mouth. There’s nothing quite as unsettling, I find, as a goose fitted with bloody fangs.,I veer off a side street into the coin sellers’ alley, and start the long and time-consuming process of sifting through bowls or socks of old coins. These are sometimes the most interesting and educated of the vendors, having gleamed a smattering of world history through the collection of their coins and bills, and I make small talk about what I am missing from my King Farouq coin collection.,King Farouq was the last king of Egypt, who ruled from 1936-1952, when he was overthrown by Egyptian nationalists led by Gamal Abdul Nassar. The coins with his image on them are collector’s items.,The inevitable question is posed: “Do you want to see the old coins?” one vendor asks.,What he means by ‘the old coins’ are the Ottoman, Byzantine, Greek, and Roman coins that are illegally pilfered from archeological sites.,“What do you have today?” I ask. A vendor pulls out a leather pouch from his breast pocket, and looking left and right to make sure no undercover policeman might be watching, pours out about a handful of silver and bronze Roman and Greek coins.,I learned the hard way that every coin vendor has both real antique coins and fake ones, and if you don’t learn to differentiate the two early on, you’re liable to buy a complete set of melted down copper wire. He tells me that special requests, such as a coin from the Ptolemaic (332 BC – 30 AD), or the Fatamid (969-1171 AD) period, can be fulfilled in less than a day, and, if I have the money, he can offer me more than just coins. But since trafficking in illegal artifacts carries a jail sentence in Egypt, I politely decline.,As I wander past the appliance section of the market, I recognize old home appliances that I haven’t seen since I was a young child — an old Frigidaire, bathroom sinks with bronze claws, hand-powered washing machines, coal-heated irons, mantles and awnings taken from abandoned 18th century churches and mansions and dusty chandeliers with two or three crystals hanging from them.,Next to these are rows of old and new bikes and motorcycles, some of them with a chain and lock still around the back wheel.,“Do you have the key to the locks?” I ask.,“No, but it is very cheap to cut. You can go to any mechanic’s shop,” the seller says.,As they say in Cairo, what you lose on Thursday, you can find on Friday at the market.,I pass by piles of aging military equipment, gas masks, empty mortar shells, cracked range scopes for Canons and outdated nautical equipment. There are printing presses next to old couches, a rowing machine, piles of cracked records, empty bottles, stacks of ancient postcards, knives, stuffed teddy bears and a saddle for a camel.,The new highway, which was built so that wealthier Cairenes could drive over the cemetery rather than through it, signals the far end of the market and creates the much coveted under-the-bridge real-estate that houses some of the more established vendors such as the antiques dealers, the electronics repairmen, the ‘forbidden’ movie sellers, and one of the oddest markets I’ve ever been to in my life: the dog mating market.,Sectioned off in one small area under the bridge, groups of men and boys bring their dogs of all types and sizes to bargain with one another for the price of a mating. The more handsome and healthy the dog is, the higher the price he fetches. Once the amount is agreed upon, the men form a small circle around the two dogs and watch the ensuing process with almost analytical scrutiny, hands on their chins, nodding their heads in approval at the end of the transaction. I shoulder my way into one of the circles, to see if this is really what it appears to be and make a quick retreat — not finding the spectacle as exciting as the others seem to.,Other sellers wander around with puppies, the results of previous mating sessions, and let buyers feel the dogs’ teeth, muscles and skin before starting to bargain. Most of these dogs go to southern Egypt to be guard dogs for farmers, and many men have made a one- or two-day trip for the chance of mating their dog with the stock of Cairo’s finest., ,The market begins to thin out at this point, and I look down at my shoes and hands covered with the fine gray dirt of the cemetery. I smell the burning plastic and garbage odor that permeates my clothes and hair. I head for the bus stop, and as the children that have been following and pestering me for the last three hours start to lose interest and wander away, I can finally take stock of my finds for this Friday. One shirt, probably taken from a dead person, two Mameluke coins (the Mameluke were former Turkish slaves who took power from their masters), possibly stolen from an archeological dig, and an alarm clock that was most likely taken from the garbage — all for just under US$ 3. But the experience of shopping among the dead is almost priceless.,If You Go,The Friday Market occurs every Friday from 8 a.m. until about 2 p.m., under the Moqattam Hills. It can be reached on foot or taxi from the Citadel. Ask for the suu’ al guma’a or you can go by minibus from ma’aadi, a wealthy suburb of Cairo about 5 miles (8 km) south of the city center along the Nile. This is where most foreigners live. Do not bring a lot of money, and do not dress flashy.,Egyptian Tourist Authority,www.egypttourism.org, ,American singer-songwriter, Sami Chohfi, explores India to film two music videos. This was his experience.,I recently had the pleasure of traveling to India this past March. I have to say, I fell in love. The people of India are so kind and warm that they make you feel like you are surrounded by family. I hired Alexandre Suplicy from Sao Paulo, Brazil to accompany me to India to film two music videos for my upcoming debut solo record titled “Extraordinary World”. ,Here are a few notes about filming in India. First, even if you get permits and permission from the local police or blessings from the Indian Gods themselves, you will have to dig into your pockets at times to not be shut down by neighboring shop owners and security guards. ,Secondly, you have one take to get your shots. Things change every minute in India, the weather can shift, or an empty street can become overpopulated in minutes. Thirdly, expect your plans to change and be open to adapting. Finally, If you want to film with a drone in rural areas be wise, be cautious and be ready to put some green in some palms. ,I chose India for many reasons. India is known for its yearly Holi Festival. It’s an amazing celebration of life that is full of color and vibrance resonating throughout the country.,I wanted to film in locations that were majestic and breathtaking. I knew that locations like the Taj Mahal and Hawa Mahal would live up to my expectations, but I never imagined that everywhere I turned I would find something else worth filming. (note: filming in the Taj is completely prohibited, so I recommend the DJI handheld Osmo Pocket video camera to get some quick shots),I decided to film “Dirty Your Soul” during the Holi Festival in Vrindavan. The song is about how life is a constant struggle but to try to always maintain a positive mindset and to not ever lose hope.,I imagined singing this song to my younger self to prepare me for how life would “dirty my soul”, but to remember to welcome the challenge ahead and make the best of every situation. ,Since I could not time travel, I thought that being surrounded by adorable Indian children throwing colored powder at me would be the next best alternative. We also decided to film in front of one of the most colorful temples in Vrindavan called Sri Ramanuj Mandir. ,The most interesting part of the filming for this video was when I sat in the back of a Fruit and Nut Carrier and went around Old Delhi Spice Market singing and interacting with the people in the streets. You can clearly see the energy of the city and the love from the people watching the Dirty Your Soul video. ,For the second video “This Majesty” we needed to film in locations that we knew would take the viewers breath away. ,We had a difficult time filming in the locations for this video because some of the places we filmed were super restricted. Like the Taj Mahal and Nahargarh Fort. Filming with a drone is strictly prohibited so it took some effort to persuade security guards to turn a blind eye for 4 minutes. ,The amazing thing about these two videos is that India is so large and so unique that you can barely tell they were both filmed in the same country.,We filmed in Agra, Vrindavan, Alwar, Delhi, and Jaipur(also known as the pink city). I would recommend you stay as much time as possible in Jaipur. It was by far my favorite city in India. ,About the Artist: While singer/songwriter Sami Chohfi is based in Seattle, he is undeniably a modern citizen of the world.,His debut solo album, Extraordinary World, was written across six countries over the last two years. From his journeys across the globe, as a brand ambassador for the apparel and lifestyle company, Be Good to People, to tours with his band Blue Helix across his family’s native country of Brazil, Chohfi’s songwriting takes a rock upbringing and spins it with musical influences from around the world. ,Blending alternative rock, folk and acoustic songwriting, Extraordinary World showcases Chohfi’s ability to inspire his listeners by transporting them into the majestic scenes he’s witnessed over the past few years, whether in Brazil, Cambodia, France, India, Kenya or The Philippines. Sami’s music videos “This Majesty” and “Dirty Your Soul” both filmed in India were recently featured on the Rolling Stone. ,“With every song being born in a different part of the planet, the one thing I can tell you is we are not as different as we think,” Chohfi says. “I am constantly reminded how all people just want to fit in, be loved, and be understood. This album is a culmination of the last two years of my life and the beautiful interactions with people I have treasured.” ,Dreaming of a visit to Paris? To help plan your future trip, here’s our quick travel guide on what to do and see in Paris.,Paris is one of the most- visited cities in Europe and the world, and it’s easy to see why the City of Lights continues to dazzle travelers. Paris is the capital of France with a bustling financial, fashion and bohemian feel surrounded by the romance of 17th-century architecture and a long salacious history.,From the iconic Eiffel Tower to Montmartre’s art district to the Arc De Triomphe, there is no shortage of sights to make visitors fall in love with the romance of Paris. ,We have added links to special tours, skip-the-line tickets and activities with expert guides at the best spots in Paris from GetYourGuide.com throughout the article for your convenience. To make the most of your visit, here is our list of the top 20 things to do in Paris. ,Rising in the center of Paris, the Eiffel Tower is the most recognizable landmark and is the best spot day or night to get an expansive view of the city. There are two levels that you can access via elevator. Level two gives visitors a view from 200 feet and is a shorter ride to its observation level.,However, the best view and your best bet is to make sure you purchase tickets that take you to level three, which rises approximately 1,000 feet above the City of Lights. The Eiffel Tower tends to be one of the most crowded attractions in Paris so be sure to purchase skip-the-line tickets in advance to maximize your time. ,Perhaps one of the most famous art museums in France and the world is the Louvre Museum. Dating to the 12th century, the Louvre was constructed as a fortress and was later converted to a palace during the 16th century.,It became an art museum in 1793. Today, Paris’ Louvre houses over 35,000 works of art, including Leonardo da Vinci’s Mona Lisa, Michelangelo’s Dying Slave and the Winged Victory of Samothrace. ,To get a better understanding of French history no visit to Paris or France is complete without seeing the former home of Marie Antoinette, King Louis XIV and France’s most famous kings and queens who walked the hallways and corridors of the Palace of Versailles.,Explore the opulent Hall of Mirrors, the King’s Bedroom, the Petit Trianon and the Queen’s Garden. Plan on spending an entire day wandering around this opulent palace and its grounds. ,Moulin Rouge is a not-to-be-missed Parisian experience. The can-can dance was born at the Moulin Rouge but it’s the cabaret shows at the Moulin Rouge that are the main attraction. The shows are considered family-friendly by Parisian standards, with a minimum age of 6 for admission and a dress code that excludes flip flops or shorts. ,Below the bustling streets of Paris lies the Catacombs of Paris and the remains of over six million people. During a time when cemeteries were overflowing in Paris, France the Catacombs provided much-needed space for burials. ,There are numerous churches and chapels in Paris, and among the most iconic is Sacré-Cœur, located in Montmartre in the18th arrondissement.  The basilica stands on the highest point of the city at the top of a series of steps, rising above the artists in the street. It is hard to miss with its white dome. ,The Palace of Fontainebleau or Château de Fontainebleau has been home to French royalty and monarchs throughout the history of France, including Louis VII to Napoleon III. Château de Fontainebleau’s expansive gardens and an impressive fountain are worth the 34-mile trip to see.,Whether you are a Disney fan or not, this park with a French flair has specific attractions that you can’t see in the United States theme parks in Florida or California. Catch a wave on Crush’s Coaster from the film, “Finding Nemo” or have a rat’s eye view into Ratatouille: The Adventure ride. ,It’s hard not to think of France without thinking of its most famous artist, Claude Monet. Located about 45 miles west outside of Paris in the French countryside, Monet’s Giverny includes the charming home of Monet, complete with the real pond and the water lilies that were the inspiration for Monet’s most celebrated impressionist work of art, Water Lilies. ,Literally rising from the ashes, Paris’ Notre- Dame Cathedral stands as a reminder of the resilience of France. Notre-Dame de Paris is located on the Île de la Cité and its French gothic architecture is hard to miss. Thankfully, most of the stained glass survived the devastating April 2019 fire and can still be seen from the outside. ,The Montparnasse Tower observation deck and roof terrace are second to the Eiffel Tower for a truly panoramic view of Paris’ skyline. Montparnasse Tower was completed in 1973 and remains one of the tallest skyscrapers in Paris.,This walkable street is lined with retail shops and restaurants and was formed in 1860 by a group of merchants. Tall trees line both sides of the Avenue des Champs-Élysées. The 1.9- kilometers-long street (1.1 miles) ends at Paris’ Arc de Triomphe and runs between the Place Charles de Gaulle and the Place de la Concorde. ,The Seine River, which runs through the city of Paris, stretches an impressive 482 miles from the Paris Basin and flows into the English Channel. A cruise on the Seine River is one of the best ways to see the north and south sides of Paris (the “Rive Gauche” or left bank in the southern arrondissements of Paris) and the centuries of architecture that line both sides of the Seine River, with an impressive view of the bastille. ,The Jardin du Luxembourg or  Luxembourg Gardens was created by Marie de’ Medici, the widow of King Henry IV of France starting in 1612. Luxembourg Gardens is located in the  6th arrondissement of Paris and is considered one of the most opulent gardens in all of France outside of Versailles. ,The Palais Garnier or Opéra Garnier is located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris. Palais Garnier was designed by Charles Garnier and seats over 2,000. To say that the neo-baroque style is over-the-top is an understatement. ,Located in the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris and on the right bank of the Seine River, Le Marais was home to Paris’ aristocrats for centuries. After several decades of decay, it has experienced a return to its original splendor and architectural brilliance. Today, it boasts some of the best restaurants and boutiques in Paris. ,Located on the left bank of the Seine and in the former Gare d’Orsay (a railway station), Musée d’Orsay houses some of the most famous French impressionist paintings in Paris, Europe and the world. Works from Renoir, Picasso, Degas, Cézanne, Van Gogh and, of course, Monet are on display. ,The Latin Quarter in Paris is a must for visitors to Paris. Located on the left bank of the Seine River in the 5th and the 6th arrondissement, the Latin Quarter has a vibrant student vibe and is home to many educational establishments, including Sorbonne University (known as The Sorbonne), the École des Mines de Paris and Panthéon-Assas University.,Also, it houses some of the best restaurants and boutiques in Paris. Be sure to pick up a book at the Shakespeare and Company bookstore just a stone’s throw from Notre Dame Cathedral.,The Tuileries Garden is a short walk from the Louvre Museum and Place de la Concorde located in the 1st arrondissement of Paris. The Tuileries Gardens was once part of the Tuileries Palace, which was constructed in 1564 and was later burned by the Paris Commune in 1871. ,There is nothing like shopping in one of the most upscale department stores in Paris. The Galeries Lafayette is an upmarket French department store chain that opened in 1912 and is located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris. ,Author Bio: Angie Cavallari, a lifestyle and pop culture expert is the author of “Trailer Trash: an ‘80s Memoir.” Her blogs and articles have been featured in Huffington Post, The Reset and, Go World Travel, among others. When she is not traveling, she is spending time with her kids and her precocious pug, JJ.,Going to Paris today and staying for a week.I will try to see as many as possible of the places described in this guide.Thank you, Angela.,we love your blog its very effective for a peoples …,Whenever I hear Paris, Eiffel Tower always pops up in my mind and why not, the famous symbol of love in the city of love, right?? It is an adorable city to be explored. Thanks for the guide.,Tucked away in a tiny corner of Asia, this former Portuguese colony is a blend of East and West.,A trip to Macau is a sure to change any ideas you may have had about this tiny corner of Asia. If you view Macau as the “Vegas of the East,” as the casino advertisements would have you believe, then you’re missing the real Macau.,Others derive their opinions of this former Portuguese province (until 1999) from old movies — a stereotype that includes dingy waterfront cafés and dangerous alleys where all manner of trouble takes place.,My image of Macau was a mix of both. Macau is only 37 miles (59 km) from Hong Kong, where I was, making the temptation to visit too hard to resist. On the fast jet boat, I knew I was entering a new learning curve as the modern ferry whizzed along the shipping lane. Before we docked at Macau’s new ferry terminal, we watched an American video and the attendants took orders for food and beverages.,Macau is an intriguing and unique blend of Europe and Asia. The influence of the Portuguese weaves itself through the fabric of Chinese life, producing a unique culture all of its own. Baroque churches and colonial mansions are found side by side with Chinese temples.,Start exploring Macau from the top. St. Paul’s, perched on a hilltop, is most spectacular when illuminated against a night sky, but during the day it provides a panorama of the city. The facade of St. Paul’s Cathedral is Macau’s icon. The Cathedral dates back to the early 17th century and is the remains of the first Christian church in China. Like everything in Macau it, too, is a blend of East and West. It was designed by an Italian Jesuit and built by Japanese Christian stonemasons who had fled persecution in Japan. A fire in 1835 destroyed all but the façade, which illustrates the history of Christianity in Asia including biblical quotations in Chinese.,Next to St. Paul’s is Fortaleza de Monte, a good place to reflect on the defensive role it played against Dutch assault in the 1600s. And, now part of the fort is the Macau Museum where one can get an overview of the energy that came together to form Macau. Exhibits illustrate life over the past four centuries here, emphasizing the multicultural character of the city created by the coming together of people of different faiths and lifestyles, resulting in a distinctive Macanese culture.,From St. Paul’s, descend the steps and wander slowly into the heart of the city. Brush shoulders with the Mancanese as they go about their daily routine. Stop to watch almond cookies being made. Try some — yummy! If you need a rest, stroll down a side street where you will discover little courtyards. Sit on a bench under a tree and you’ll think you are in a small town in Portugal.,Continue into the heart of the city and to Senado Square with its wave-patterned stone mosaic that is symbolic of the blending of East and West. Stop in the 17th century St. Dominic’s Church with its magnificent altar, decorated wooden ceiling, and religious art museum housed in the old belfry.,Along the Pua Almirante Sergio, it is easy to find a restaurant to sample Macanese food that brings together the best of Portuguese, Chinese, Indian and Malaya cooking. Try a typical dish like African chicken or Linguado Macau sole accompanied, of course, with a fine Portuguese wine.,The classic Chinese temple of A-Ma rests at the base of Penha Hill. Its name derives from Tin Hau, Queen of Heaven, or the Honored Mother. Myth has it that a poor girl saved a fishing vessel on which she was traveling from the ravages of a storm. In tribute to her this temple was built and is a place of pilgrimage for Macau’s fishing community.,Another temple dedicated to the power of female intervention is the Kun Iam Temple, built in honor of the Goddess of Mercy. Kun Iam’s statue gracefully towers over the Ecumenical Center of Eastern Religions and is a place where people of all faiths can rest, reflect and meditate.,But Macau is much more. It is colonial neighborhoods, quiet parks, sandy beaches, hiking in the woods, duty-free shopping and festivals. Nothing highlights the multicultural nature of Macau better that its festivals — from Chinese New Year to the Feast of the Drunken Dragon, from the Macau Arts Festival to the International Music Festival, from the Macau Open Golf Tournament to the Macau Grand Prix.,And, of course, there is the gambling for which Macau has long been famous. The city is said to have the widest range of casino games in the world. Try your luck with baccarat, blackjack, roulette, boule or feed your coins to what the locals call “hungry tigers” (slot machines).,Visitors arrive on day trips from Hong Kong and leave vowing to return the next time to spend more time. Land reclamation means that “Mazing Macau” is constantly growing and changing. Macau may be small in size, but it’s big on variety.,If You Go,Almost 500,000 people call Macau home. It is a special administrative region of southeast China and consists of the Macao Peninsula and two offshore islands in the South China Sea to the west of Hong Kong. The Portuguese established a trading post here in 1557 and Macau became a free port in 1849 until 1999 when the Portuguese handed the province back to China.,Macau Government Tourist Office,www.macautourism.gov.mo,Bitola, Macedonia is often overlooked by travelers going to Ohrid. But this rich city is full of contrasts, and shouldn’t be missed by travelers.,If I had met them in a dark alley, my heart would have beaten the tune of “Thriller.” I would have tightened the grip around my backpack and prayed to the god of travelers to take me safely through the dimly lit street.,Instead I encountered them on a sunny terrace, drinking a “cappuccino” that had nothing to do with either coffee or foamed milk.,The three guys, shaved heads, broad shoulders and fearsome faces, saw us struggling with our phone to try to find a place to stay on the Internet and decided to help us.,There are many advantages of traveling through areas the masses haven’t discovered, but it is not all sunshine off the beaten track; at times it can be hard to find a roofed place to sleep.,Ignoring our fake cappuccinos, we explained to the men in 2-word sentences what our problem was.,Our personal Schwarzeneggers got up immediately. They took us to a hotel, not designated as such, and patiently waited for everything to be arranged with the owner.,They shook our hands, wished us a pleasant stay and didn’t want anything in return. Try that in Saigon or Gambia.,The room not only had a roof, somebody had actually put in an effort to decorate it. It had a bed with swirled metal at both ends and a carmine lamp that matched the color of the curtains.,Normally I would avoid a place with anything more decorative than a bare light bulb dangling from the ceiling, thinking it was not in my price range, but for lack of hostels, we had no choice.,With our luggage safely stored in the room, we were ready for our expedition into Bitola, the second largest city in Macedonia.,With more than 74,000 inhabitants, Bitola is situated in the deep south of the Republic of Macedonia, a country very few people know exists, let alone visit.,The few foreigners that do come to Macedonia go to Ohrid, lured there by the low prices and the big lake.,Despite the sun, the town of Ohrid has a grayish layer, like a Polaroid that hasn’t fully developed.,The travel industry needed a new, cheap destination and thus created one. It has all the elements a tourist could want: mountains, lake, sun and ice cream.,The designers followed all the steps in the “How to Create a Tourist Destination” handbook, except for the last and most important step: install a spark.,In Ohrid, there is no Balkan feel and, despite being next to Greece, no classic grandeur. The gray apartment blocks from the communist era have a soft focus layer.,There are no edges, no broken streets, no balconies filled with the laundry of every day human life.,When I travel I want to visit places that make my heart beat faster, that are not just decor for an average movie about an average town.,Bitola meets my expectations with mouthwatering contrasts: A freshly painted facade with pilasters stands opposite un-plastered concrete. Casino ads scream at the people near a pedestaled hero on a horse.,There is a mosque at the end of a neo-classical street. Well made-up ladies lounge over a cocktail on a terrace and unshaven men sit on a bench in the park, their over-washed t-shirts rolled up over their tummies.,We walked through the mountains with paths hardly recognizable as such, leading past steep and deep slopes.,We dragged ourselves all the way to the top where the view would be magnificent, if it weren’t for the fog.,The Roman remains of Heraclea Lyncestis with pillars and mosaics are a nice appetizer, but the city is the main dish. On one of the squares hangs a giant Heineken banner behind fighting soldiers on the freedom monument.,The market offers no sunglasses, but long, flowered skirts. When you buy some berries, they are put on a metal scale with lead weights.,Green peppers and dried fish were on display next to a trash pile where the local cats were having a party.,We had our dinner of sausages and fries on a terrace; a part of the street that is covered with fake grass mats, on wooden chairs brought out for the warm weather.,The waiter was afraid to talk to us, so he found another customer who spoke some English to take our order. This is Bitola.,It is not Budapest or Berlin. It has no special towers to climb or pyramids to take selfies with, but it has a heart, beating in the right place.,For there is no beauty without ugliness and Bitola has the right combination.,Even our hotel room turned out not to be perfect. The bathroom had a wellness cabin: not just a bath, but different shower-heads for a water massage, a bubble maker, built-in radio and romantic lighting.,It didn’t look like former communist Macedonia, but it was: of all the faucets and shower-heads in the cabin, only one worked.,There were no bubbles, no sound coming from the radio and only one light went on. The cabin itself leaked on all sides, turning the bathroom into a private swimming pool.,It was perfect.,Cheap flights to Ohrid or Skopje from European destinations through WizzAir: https://wizzair.com/en-GB/FlightSearch,Bitola Tourist Information: https://bitolatourist.info/ (English),Macedonia uses the Cyrillic alphabet. It might be useful to bring a copy of a translated alphabet.,Author Bio: Anika is a professional freelance travel writer and photographer based in Utrecht, The Netherlands. She has lived in 6 different countries, speaks several languages and has traveled independently in more than 50 countries, with a special interest in Eastern-Europe. She has published a travel guide about her home town Utrecht and a book with stories of food and drinks around the world, both available at Amazon worldwide.,A traveler recounts his last visit to China’s historic Tiananmen Square, along with a stroll through the Forbidden City.,As we approached Tiananmen Square at the center of modern Beijing, our guide warned us not to talk too openly about politics. Although we saw no signs of oppression during our visit, it still exists today, and tempers flare when the subject of the student protests in the late 1980s is brought up.,We were here in Beijing, China, to visit history, not create it, so we refrained from making any statements and simply looked for the sights to leave impressions on us.,Tiananmen Square is the world’s largest public square of its kind. Perhaps its most well-known feature is Mao’s Mausoleum, where the embalmed refrigerated body of Chairman Mao rests beneath rose-tinted glass and is raised for public viewing on a daily basis.,In the center of the square is the picturesque obelisk known as the Monument to the People’s heroes. Closing in the sides of the square on either side of the mausoleum and monument are the China National Museum and the Great Hall of the People—a grand museum and the seat of the Chinese legislature, respectively.,On the far ends of People’s Square are perhaps more notable sites that date further back. On one end is the Qian Men, consisting of an Arrow Tower and the Zhengyang Men, together forming a double gate. The second is now home to a museum of Beijing history.,The other end of the square is Tiananmen—the Ming Dynasty gate to the Forbidden City, where Mao’s enormous portrait hangs.  This is where Chairman Mao proclaimed the People’s Republic of China in 1949.,It seems the appropriate place for such a declaration, appearing to draw a stark line between the concrete of industrial Tiananmen Square and the elaborate adornments of Imperial China’s Forbidden City.,Among the Chinese, Tiananmen also happens to be the most desirable photo op. Vacationers have snapped photos of themselves and their families, friends and colleagues with Mao’s portrait hanging on the Heavenly Gate behind them for decades.,Most people think of the enormous portrait as “original,” but it  needs to be repainted and replaced every year due to the effects of weather.,Today, Chinese tourists from around the nation asked to have their pictures taken in front of Mao’s portrait—with us! Touristy Mao caps crowning us, we smiled and let them take some selfies.,After exploring Tiananmen Square, we approached Mao’s enormous portrait, and walked through the Gate of Heavenly Peace, entering the Forbidden City.,Here, in the heart of the city, we toured the main line down the center of the official Palace Museum. Completed in 1420 and designed with the harmonious principles of yin and yang, with an eye to nature, the Forbidden City is China’s most masterful work of architecture.,Every building we crossed in this magnificent place looked fit for an emperor, from the gates and halls to the offices and storehouses—all decorated in the same style. Even the bathrooms were beautiful. In fact, they were designed to be fit for an emperor.,After passing through Meridian Gate, we crossed one of the five marble bridges and proceeded up to the Gate of Supreme Harmony, where the emperor once received visitors and sometimes hosted banquets.,Beyond the Gate of Supreme Harmony, we took in the larger courtyard and climbed the stairs to the Hall of Supreme Harmony—the largest hall in the palace and the emperor’s main throne room. Between the sets of stairs flowed a long carriageway of carved marble; in the slab were the images of dragons and pearls and clouds.  This carriageway was for use by the emperor alone.,At the top of the stairs and carriageway, outside the Hall of Supreme Harmony, we marveled at such details as the bronze statues, sundial, bronze cauldrons and the roof guardians that looked down from the corners of the buildings like Chinese gargoyles.,Next in the Imperial line was the Hall of Middle Harmony, a smaller hall where the emperor would go before entering the Supreme Hall for ceremonies. All the while, as we took in the halls at the center of the long courtyard, the sides of the palace area were closed in by decorative walls of rooms and chambers, making it like an enormous courtyard. It is said that the Forbidden City includes 9,999 rooms and antechambers. It felt as though we stepped back in time to Imperial China.,Beyond the Hall of Middle Harmony, we passed by the Hall of Preserving Harmony, and then exited through the Gate of Heavenly Purity.  Well after we left the Palace Museum, we were given one last glimpse as one of the four majestic Arrow Towers loomed above us and stayed with us—in the distance—for quite some time as we walked away.,Although we were captivated all the while, we spent hours walking through Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, not realizing how much time had passed until we were back on our coach. Such a day of exploring Imperial locales could only end with a meal fit for an emperor. Back at the private dining area at our hotel, we were in for a treat.,Peking duck is the region’s specialty, and one of China’s favorite dishes—sort of like a holiday turkey dinner in the United States.,After snacking on enough side dishes spinning on our lazy susan to make a meal in itself, our own Peking duck was served. The duck was cooked to perfection in a painstakingly precise way to keep the inside juicy and the outside crispy—while allowing the grease to fall away.,Duck may not have the same reputation as turkey for making people sleepy, but combined with all of the impressive sights and activities of the day, the Peking duck certainly sent us quickly on our way to a deep sleep fit for a king—or emperor.,Many major airlines offer flights directly from the United States to Beijing. Some of the best deals are offered by Chinese airlines, such as Air China.,You’ll want to book your hotel and likely your ride from the airport to the hotel ahead of time as it can be more confusing for westerners than a visit to western or central Europe.,In fact, China is a country where a group tour may be worthwhile, even for travelers who like to “rough it” on their own. A number of companies offer low-priced packages that include your airfare, hotels, admissions and comfortable coach from one place to another. Some even include additional airfare between cities if interested in a longer tour.,Author’s Bio: Eric D. Goodman enjoys traveling as much as he loves writing.  His new novel, The Color of Jadeite, is a literary thriller that takes readers through the exotic locales of China.  Learn more about Eric and his writing at www.EricDGoodman.com or connect with him at www.Facebook.com/EricDGoodman.,The hit show Outlander highlights a love story weaving through Scottish history and has become a huge attraction for travel to Scotland. Here are the best filming locations to visit.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,The Outlander TV series has done wonders for Scottish tourism. Blending a timeless love story with an incredibly emotive period of Scottish history, it’s no wonder so many people list Outlander as their reason for visiting.,While many of the names or places in the show are entirely fictional, the filming locations are very real and a highlight of every fan’s journey to Scotland.,Outlander was filmed right across Scotland, but you don’t need to trek too far off the beaten path. The locations below are all easy to access, instantly recognizable and definitely worth visiting.,Starting off with a fan favorite and the most popular Outlander location – Midhope Castle. Before this tiny towerhouse appeared on screens as Lallybroch, it was practically unknown. In Outlander, this is Jamie’s ancestral home and where he sweeps Claire off to after rescuing her from Cranesmuir.,In real life, Midhope Castle is part of the Hopetoun Estate just outside Edinburgh and dates from the 15th century.,Unfortunately, visitors can’t access the interior of the castle which is entirely ruined, those scenes were filmed elsewhere. The iconic archway is authentic however and you will even find an honesty box selling Keys to Lallybroch as souvenirs.,Tickets to Midhope Castle must be pre-booked on the Hopetoun Estate website for £4. There are no facilities at the castle.,Hopetoun House on the same estate as Midhope was also used in many notable Outlander scenes. This grand mansion played the part of the Duke of Sandringham’s residence both inside and out.,It was reused for scenes set in France and Elsmere so visitors can travel through the seasons without leaving the estate.,This luxurious estate is much more than just an Outlander filming site though. Hopetoun House has been the ancestral home of the Hope family for 300 years and one wing is still lived in by the current Earl of Hopetoun.,Hopetoun House is open between April and September with Adult tickets costing £11.50.,It’s easy to see why this formidable fortress outside Stirling was chosen for Castle Leoch with enormous walls guarding the River Teith. Doune Castle was well known on TV before becoming an Outlander filming location though. It has also played a part in Ivanhoe, Game of Thrones and Monty Python.,Many of Outlander’s most popular characters were first introduced here at the home of Clan Mackenzie. While the outer walls are easily recognized, the interior played its part in the show as well.,The courtyard and the great hall are both worth exploring combined with the audio tour narrated by none other than Sam Heughan.,In real life, the castle was home to one of Scottish history’s bogey men, the Duke of Albany. This nefarious figure was a far cry from the noble Mackenzie clan portrayed in Outlander.,Albany was brother to the King of Scots, but he murdered one of his nephews and left the other to rot in an English prison. When his brother died, Albany stepped in to rule Scotland from Doune Castle as if he was King himself.,Doune Castle is open all year round and run by Historic Scotland. Tickets should be prebooked, costing £9 per Adult.,It was mostly the inside of Linlithgow Palace that was used for Outlander filming but the location above Linlithgow Loch is outstanding. These historic scotland walls doubled as the dark, dank Wentworth Prison which might come as a surprise to those that visit this bright, open ruin. Even for those who haven’t enjoyed Outlander yet, this is a very interesting place.,Climb to the very top of Linlithgow Palace to Queen Margaret’s Bower for spectacular views. The Queen stood and watched every day for the return of her husband, King James IV.,Unfortunately, he never returned, and some say that the spirit of Margaret waits there still. Back on the ground, a magnificent fountain would flow with wine on special occasions.,Bonnie Prince Charlie himself stopped here while the Jacobites marched north to Culloden which ties in perfectly with the Outlander story. Unfortunately, the Duke of Cumberland’s army followed, setting fire to the Palace and leaving us with only these remains.,Linlithgow Palace is open all year round and run by Historic Scotland. Tickets should be prebooked, costing £7.20 per Adult.,This fortress jutting out into the Firth of Forth is known as the ship that never sailed or more commonly, Blackness Castle. Darkly named, during Outlander filming it portrayed the even darker Fort William and the site of Jamie’s flogging. There is no better word to describe Blackness Castle than grim.,While it’s a long way from the real Fort William, this Scottish castle actually was used as a cold, damp, political prison. Its miserable residents were thrown into a pit that would slowly fill with seawater during high tide.,Blackness Castle is open all year round and run by Historic Scotland. Tickets should be prebooked, costing £6.00 per Adult.,The village of Falkland stands in for 1940s Inverness with its iconic central fountain and centuries-old carved door lintels. Outlander fans can even rent a room in the B&B that Claire and Frank stay in which is the modern-day Covenanter Hotel.,However, it’s not until you step outside the lens of Outlander that you really appreciate this hidden gem. ,Falkland is nestled at the foot of the Lomond Hills with spectacular Scottish woodlands walks nearby. The most obvious attraction is Falkland Palace which surprisingly wasn’t used during Outlander filming.,Step inside to explore the remains of one of Scotland’s most luxurious royal buildings. Outside you will find the oldest functioning tennis court in the world, used by Mary Queen of Scots.,Falkland Palace is run by the National Trust for Scotland and open between May and October. Tickets are £13 per Adult.,The old village of Culross is like stepping back in time without the need for magic standing stones. The cobbled streets and painted buildings needed practically no work to transform them into Cranesmuir.,You can visit Claire’s Herb Garden in the Culross Palace grounds and see the Mercat Cross which marks the site of public punishment. ,Don’t limit yourself to only the Outlander locations here. Walk a short way up the hill to look in at the 13th Century Culross Abbey. The grounds are free to enter, incredibly peaceful and offer a spectacular view back across the Firth of Forth.,Start planning your historic adventure to Scotland today. Be prepared with insider tips on how to get around, hotel or VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan your routes and make reservations together for planes, trains and car rentals through OMIO Travel Partner. Be sure to protect your big trip from flight cancellations, lost luggage, unexpected sickness and anything else with Squaremouth.,Check out our Scotland Travel Guide for more on what to see and do in Scotland.,Author’s Bio: Graeme is the writer and storyteller behind Scotland’s Stories. In love with the history and folklore of Scotland, his mission is to share these stories in an engaging way to help people appreciate their travel more.,Languages are often misunderstood. Here are some fascinating misconceptions.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,According to Ethnologue, a total of 7,139 different languages are spoken around the world today. That said, there is a lot to be learned about the globe’s languages, especially in the mainstream English culture we are living in.,Linguistic and language experts, Preply, have revealed some of the craziest misconceptions we have about the world’s languages.,Contrary to popular belief, English did not originate on British soil. Rather, the popular language has historical roots in Germany from a collective group of people known as the Angles.,These people are known as one of the main Germanic peoples who settled in Britain in the post-Roman period.,Traditionally speaking, Italians choose a dialect known as the Florentine as their official language. As well as this, most regions in Italy speak their own dialects rather than Italian.,With more than 73 characters, the Cambodian language gets the title of being the longest alphabet in the world. It’s also regarded as being one of the most difficult languages to learn by yourself.,Thanks to the wonderful world of fiction, there are 200 artificial languages in the world, including the 13 distinct languages spoken in the Tolkien universe.,When it comes to the world’s bilingual places, the US certainly is a strong contender, with there being over 300 languages spoken across the states. In fact, it has been reported that 21% of citizens in America are able to speak a language other than English at home.,The continent with the most recorded spoken languages is Asia, with more than 2,300. This is closely followed by Africa, with a total of 2,138 languages. Europe, on the other hand, only has 286 spoken languages. Well, at least there’s Eurovision!,The fastest spoken language in the world is Japanese, with a rate of 7.84 syllables per second. Talk about speed!,Most languages adhere to masculine and feminine rules, while German seems to be ahead of the times by having three genders in its language – masculine, feminine and ‘neuter’.,While almost all of the world’s languages are influenced by another language, Basque is the only known language that has no correlation to any other language. The language itself is spoken in the mountains between Spain and France – safe to say that the people who live there are very secluded!,Did you know that the language of airplane travel is English? This is because everywhere in the world, the pilot and his crew know English. Makes sense to therefore call English ‘the official language of the air’.,Read our other travel articles here:,Dubai and Abu Dhabi are cities of contrasts — each one an oasis of modern architectural marvel in the center of desolate desert dunes.,Dubai and Abu Dhabi are cities of contrasts — each one an oasis of modern architectural marvel in the center of desolate desert dunes.,Both cities are in the United Arab Emirates, but each offer a different travel experience.,When flying into Dubai, or viewing the surroundings from the observation decks of the Burj Khalifa or Burj Al Arab.,It’s easy to see that you’re in the middle of a desert: sand as far as the eye can see in three directions, the blue of the Persian Gulf (or Arabian Gulf as they call it) in another direction.,But from the bottom looking up, as we walked the streets and marveled at majestic skyscrapers, smelling flower gardens and admiring the greenest of grass in parks and medians.,It was easy to forget we were in the middle of a desert. It felt like any other modern city — only bigger and, in some ways, better.,That’s the result of the Emirati striving to go big and best. When you consider how short a time the two cities have been under development, they just may have broken a record on breaking records.,World’s tallest building, world’s fastest elevator, world’s highest indoor ski slope, world’s largest mall, world’s most leaning tower, highest restaurant, highest dwelling, highest observation deck, biggest diamond in a ring and longest automated metro lin.,The list goes on and on of records broken by Dubai and Abu Dhabi.,But they’ve managed to preserve, or in some cases recreate, a bit of the Emirati heritage and architecture.,This is especially notable along Dubai Creek, in the Al Fahidi area of Dubai, and in both city’s Heritage Centers and museums.,Perhaps these record-breaking developments, amidst the remains of the old ways, was all part of the plan to make Dubai and Abu Dhabi premiere tourist destinations.,Their tourist industries are relatively new — and thriving. The nation as a whole, in fact, is relatively new — and thriving — too.,Our first impression of United Arab Emirates was how diverse the population appeared to be, based on who stood with us in the long line to get through passport control.,The ring tones of yesteryear — clamshell cell phones and Nokia texters from the pre-smartphone era seemed to dominate the mass of people — despite the “no cell phone” signs.,The people on these phones appeared to be from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Oman, Yemen, Persia, and other nations from the region.,The most common item of clothing was a thawb, or a long shirt going down beyond the knees with loose pants underneath.,Very few Emirate were present in the crowd — although all of the passport workers were locals.,We tend to be fans of public transportation when we travel, but we figured out that the cost for two of us to take public transportation from the airport to our hotel in Bur Dubai.,It was roughly the same as an airport taxi — and a lot easier. So we hopped in a Mercedes taxi and headed to across the creek to Bur Dubai.,Arabic music swooned on the radio. Traffic signs and advertisements were in Arabic first, English second.,There was a dry heat in the air, even after the sun had set. Mosques lined the corners every few minutes as we drove.,Our next impression, as we drove through Dubai’s twilight, was how modern the impressive skyscrapers were.,Even our modest hotel — The City Seasons Towers Bur Dubai — boasted a fashionable exterior, three glass and mirror towers pressed together with spiral openings at the top.,The mall next door and the metro across the street were practical and beautiful, giving off a futuristic vibe.,We heard the first call to prayer during our stay as we approached our hotel, a mosque within view just, around the corner. There was a mosque on just about every corner, and the chanting reminded us of where we were.,The architecture feels western, but there was no doubt we were in the Middle East.,“The coffee’s great,” Nataliya said as she sipped the Arabic blend. We sat in our hotel’s restaurant, enjoying a breakfast of bean soup, curry, hummus, and fried rice.,“What’s that spice,” I asked. Although this was our first exploration of this part of the world, I fondly remembered mornings with Arabic coffee and tea in college, thanks to a good friend from Saudi Arabia.,There was a certain spice to the sweet, milky, strong Arabic tea and coffee, but I couldn’t recall it.,Our friend, Sadiq, also a friend from college who Nataliya and I both studied with when we were students in Russia, filled us in.,“Cardamom,” he said. “It’s native to India. Very good.”,“Cardamom?” Nataliya repeated. “We usually don’t use that back home.”,Sadiq elaborated. “It’s also very good in rice and curry. But expensive. One of the world’s three most expensive spices.”,“What are the others,” I asked.,Nataliya guessed. “Saffron?”,“Yes,” Sadiq smiled. “Cardamom, Saffron…and fresh vanilla bean. But you can get all three here in Dubai for so much less than in America. I’ll take you to my spice man at the souq later. But first, a tour.”,Our old friend, Sadiq, and our new friend, Najeeb, were gracious enough to be our tour guides.,Wanting to show us both sides of the city, we started our driving tour with the places that most tourists want to see first — Dubai Mall and the Mall of the Emirates.,We would return to both on our own for other reasons (namely proximity to other destinations).,But on this tour, we were most interested in the museum of skyscrapers and architectural wonders all around us.,Towering over everything was the Burj Khalifa — the world’s tallest building, holding Shanghai Tower (which we visited in 2014 while it was still under construction) down in second place.,Everything from the stately to the whimsical seems to be represented in the local architecture.,Some of the most interesting skyscrapers can be seen along Sheik Zayed Road, in the financial district. The Dubai International Financial Center looks like a giant cube of stone and glass.,Dubai’s World Trade Center was one of the first skyscrapers built in the city, back in 1979. Some buildings along the strip of skyscrapers have a modern flair, others are more classic in design.,Along with the Burj Khalifa, the other icon of Dubai is the Burj Al Arab, situated on its own man-made island off the Arabian coastline.,From Jumeirah Beach or the Metro or a number of places in the city, the world’s “only seven-star hotel,” as it claims to be, appears to puff out with its sail in the wind along the horizon.,The Hotel Jumeirah, near the Burj Al Arab, looks like an enormous wave of steel and glass along the water.,Dubai Marina is the largest man-made marina in the world, essentially a canal city off the Persian (Arabian) Gulf. Princess Tower, standing above the Dubai Marina skyline, is the world’s tallest residential building.,Infinity Tower, also in the Marina, was the world’s tallest building with a 90-degree twist — and there’s not one structural pillar in the enormous tower — until the twisting Shanghai Tower beat out Infinity Tower when it was completed in 2014.,The audacious feats of architecture in Dubai don’t end with towers. There are the Palm Islands — man-made islands off the coast shaped like giant palm trees in the gulf.,Each palm of the tree is a gated row of multi-million dollar mansions. At the end of one of the Palm islands is The Atlantis.,It is an extravagant resort hotel with its own lagoon and some suites that are under water with aquarium walls open to the lagoon’s diverse habitat of 65,000 marine animals.,“Why visit the aquarium when you can live in it?” I asked.,“It would be very expensive to live here,” Sadiq said.,As we walked the grounds of the Atlantis, a guard bounced us out. “You can’t be here,” he said. “This area is for paying guests.”,“You see?” Najeeb said. “You can’t even look at building and grounds without paying a fee.”,But we did look at the marvelous building, with its enormous Arabic gate in the center. It loomed on the horizon even as we drove off the root of the palm island and back onto the mainland.,Another marvel is “The World,” a project of 300 man-made islands beyond one of the palm islands. The islands are shaped and positioned to form a map of the world.,The man-made islands are either for sale or sold, and they’re intended as resident properties.,The map of the world (like the palm islands) is only visible by air, so going on the islands isn’t as impressive as seeing it from a plane, helicopter, satellite picture…or viewing it from the Burj Khalifa.,It’s hard not to see a skyscraper when you’re in Dubai. The Burj Khalifa and Burj Al Arab follow you just about everywhere you go — if you look off to the distance.,But what interested us more than the feats of architecture was a step back into the history to experience the culture of Old Dubai.,The next morning, we left our hotel and went in the opposite direction, to Dubai Creek.,The walk in the cool, 99-degree morning weather was pleasant, and gave us an opportunity to see the nitty-gritty daily life of Dubai up close.,Passing by apartment buildings, offices, storefronts, and mosques, we made it to Dubai Creek in about 45 leisurely minutes.,Dubai Creek is the place to see Dubai of yesteryear. Less than a century ago, this was the heart of Dubai, consisting of sand and palm frond courtyard houses.,In the Al Fahidi neighborhood, an old fort from the late 1700s still stands, and is home to the Dubai Museum.,Throughout the area, old buildings have been restored and new ones recreated in the traditional style, not a far cry from the adobe style houses in the American west.,At Dubai Museum, we immersed ourselves in Emirate history, taking in the traditional barasti, or palm frond house, with its traditional wind tower.,Some of the buildings in the area feature the traditional wind towers, both the sand plaster and the palm ones.,Wind towers provided an early form of air conditioning — catching the cooler wind in the tower and pushing it down into the home below.,The museum displays artifacts from Emirate culture, as well as wax figures of various scenes: a souq, or market, from the 1950s, pearl traders, a classroom, a desert camp, and the likes.,After visiting the museum, we went to the creek and took an abra across to the market area.,The abra is a traditional wooden ferry that carries people from one side of the creek to the other, and it still caters to as many locals as tourists.,Fare was only about thirty cents U.S., and it was a nice five-minute cruise along the creek, offering a pleasant view of the sand-plaster waterfront as we went.,On the other side of our abra ride along Dubai Creek, we came out right in the heart of the souq area.,Souqs, or markets, have modern conveniences, but we got the impression that they were very much as they were a century ago.,Although you’ll find vendors of all types in each souk, they tend to be focused: one area is the spice souq, another is the textile souq.,And then there’s the gold souq, rich with lavish ornaments and breastplates of gold — even the largest golden ring in the world.,People come from around the world to buy gold in Dubai’s gold souq.,“Just make sure you always haggle with the dealers,” Sadiq advised.,“Got it,” I said with a nod. “Never pay full price.”,“You should start at half price, and find somewhere in the middle.”,We did. Saffron, vanilla, cardamom, menthol, and cinnamon — they were displayed in large sacks along the shops, and we stocked up.,Our task was made easier with Sadiq helping us, especially since this was where he, as a local, came to make his purchases.,He knew the vendors, the true prices, and allowed us to shop as locals instead of tourists.,We were less liberal with our gold purchase, although we did buy a few souvenirs for family back home.,As Nataliya narrowed down the selection to a few pieces, Sadiq and I walked the gold souq’s exterior, discussing old times and new, the history of the world and the state of the world.,“You notice there is no crime here,” he said.,I nodded. “I imagine the penalties are harsh.”,“Not only that,” he said. “There are many plain-clothes policemen, everywhere.,If something were to happen, it would be stopped before there was even time to cause a scene.”,And the truth was, unlike other countries, we’d heard no warnings about watching out for pickpockets.,On the contrary, most warnings involved acting appropriately, not showing public affection or drinking in public.,Warnings intended to protect us from ourselves and the authorities instead of from criminals.,Sadiq and I rendered our opinions on Nataliya’s gold jewelry selections, she made her final choices, and it turned out that democracy prevailed — we agreed on which were the best.,With some gold added to our bags of spice, we left the canopy of the gold souq and strolled into the afternoon sun.,As the call to prayer sounded from a nearby minaret, Sadiq excused himself to go pray. Nataliya and I explored the textile souq, where we ended up trying on what we were told were high-quality local, traditional outfits.,What started as a fun excursion ended in a purchase.,We haggled the price down to below half the original asking price, and ended up adding some handmade wool scarves with intricate embroidery and his and her traditional Emirati garb to our souq purchases of the day.,We greeted Sadiq in our new outfits. He laughed with pleasure. “After a little more sun, you’ll fit right in here,” he said.,We ended our time on the souq side of Dubai Creek with a visit to the Dubai Municipality Museum, right on the creek.,It wasn’t actually in the plan, but the worker at the entrance was so eager that we nearly thought he was trying to sell us something.,“Please, come learn about our history,” he said, gently extending his welcome. “It’s a free museum, all about our culture and history.”,Natalia, Sadiq, and I looked at each other. “Why not?” I said.,He led us inside the sand plaster building and showed us pictures and official papers, explaining in an excited voice the history of the nation and the Emirate,We learned more about the British occupation in the 1800s and late 1900s, the Emirate people gaining independence in the middle of the 1900s, and the establishment of the United Arab Emirates in 1971.,Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, still pictured on billboards and in buildings throughout the nation, was the ruler of Abu Dhabi and the first president of the United Arab Emirates, running the country for about 33 years, from 1971 to 2004.,We sat at the table where the sheikhs met to form their union. I had the honor of sitting in the sheikh’s chair as we watched a short film on the history of UAE.,Then, we got a look at the official documents forming the nation, the first newspaper, and early writings to come from the country.,Prior to the 1950s, there was little in the area but sand and somewhat temporary houses made of sand brick and palm fronds.,It was the discovery of oil in the 1950s that brought wealth to the nation. But to our surprise, oil is no longer the biggest economy of Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Tourism is.,On the museum’s second floor balcony, we enjoyed a nice view of the creek and the old shoreline on the other side, as well as a new perspective on the wind tower, being directly across from one.,After half an hour’s educational experience, we signed our names and gave our thanks, leaving the municipal heritage center for the abra station.,Where we ferried back to Bur Dubai for a scrumptious meal of lentils, chickpeas, and kabobs with rice and couscous. An avocado smoothie was a filling ending to a full day of culture.,We spent less time in Abu Dhabi, but as it’s only an hour away, and it seems to compete with Dubai for the title of “world’s richest city,” our trip to UAE wouldn’t be complete without an excursion to Abu Dhabi.,Along the way, we witnessed a third city in the making between the two oases: in the middle of the desert, construction was underway on the site of World Expo 2020.,For now, it was just desert and construction, but I imagine it will be something to behold in a few years.,As we approached Abu Dhabi from Dubai, the gleaming white palace of a grand mosque was an amazing sight. The closer we got to it, the more impressive the massive mosque appeared.,It’s the largest mosque in United Arab Emirates, and the eighth largest mosque in the world. Its multiple white domes and four towering minarets gleam bright white. One of those domes is said to be the largest in the world.,The interior of the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque was even more impressive than the exterior, with enormous crystal chandeliers, the world’s largest handmade Persian rug, inlaid stone and mother of pearl on walls and pillars, and the world’s largest marble mosaic courtyard.,There was a lot to see in the mosque, but that’s a whole other story.,Besides boasting the largest mosque in United Arab Emirates and one of the largest in the world, as well as the final resting place of the nation’s founder and the mosque’s champion, what else does Abu Dhabi have to offer? Its own collection of records.,The luxurious Emirates Palace Hotel, with its many chandeliers and its lobby liberally smothered in gold, was the world’s most expensive hotel building when constructed in 2005.,Although it was surpassed by the Marina Bay in Singapore. And although it’s a Muslim nation, the hotel featured the world’s most expensively decorated Christmas tree, decked out with more than 180 jewels and watches.,The Etihad Towers are five enormous skyscrapers connected at the base and located across from the Emirates Palace Hotel. A stately rose-gold window tower stands beside it.,The Capitol Gate building is the world’s most leaning manmade tower, surpassing the lean of the Tower of Pisa.,The Gate Towers boast the world’s highest penthouse bridge, with a floor that people afraid of heights may not want to relax on. Aldar’s Headquarters building is the world’s first circular skyscraper.,The disk appears as a giant pill or coin of glass and metal. The ADIA Tower looks like a sheet of paper swirling back and forth, while another nearby building looks like a rolled up sheet of paper.,Ferrari World, on Abu Dhabi’s Yas Island, is the world’s largest amusement park and it features the world’s fastest roller coaster as well as the largest roof, resembling the hood of a red Ferrari.,The Yas Viceroy is a hotel located over a Formula One racetrack, and it looks like a giant glass fishing net.,The world’s largest book (This is Mohammad) and Atlas are located in Abu Dhabi.,Still under construction are an official Louvre Abu Dhabi and Guggenheim Abu Dhabi, as well as a Sheikh Zayed Musem.,As in Dubai, the one place you can count on seeing locals in Emirate garb is at the mall.,At Abu Dhabi’s Marina Mall, which features an actual full-size mammoth fossil inside and its own version of a London Eye Ferris wheel outside.,It has an express elevator up to a Sky Tower, offering a great view of the coastline, or a meal at the revolving restaurant.,Opting for the less pricy and more authentic food closer to the surface, we just went up for the view.,As in Dubai, it’s the audacious skyscrapers and feats of architecture in Abu Dhabi that amaze, but the history and culture that satisfies—although you have to dig for it.,The United Arab Emirates Heritage Village, run by the Emirate Heritage Club, is a great place to get a feel for traditions and culture before the skyscrapers took over.,Much like a Williamsburg of the United States, this is a working village with craftsmen and craftswomen working much as they would have a couple hundred years ago.,You can watch a glass blower making perfume bottles, a weaver creating scarves or rugs, a tinsmith pounding out Arabic coffee pots, a potter making pottery, and the likes.,The museum displays ancient artifacts from past culture, including early coin and paper money, pottery coffee pots, goatskin containers with the legs still attached.,There are also textiles, camel saddles, weapons, writing desks and utensils, and even a traditional home complete with wind tower, bed, and seating.,It’s worth noting that the center is as much for locals as it is tourists. And that brings up the question: who is local?,Fewer than 20 percent of people who live in Abu Dhabi and Dubai are native Emirate people. Most residents who spend their lives in UAE are foreign workers—who are drawn by high wages and no taxes.,With so much wealth to spend and so many projects in the works, there is no shortage of work for people who want to enter the country.,And UAE is one of the most open-armed when it comes to welcoming workers and visitors alike.,That said, we also learned that there is no path to citizenship for most workers who may end up at the end of a career with no social security or pension and no home.,The children of workers who spend their lives working in UAE are also not citizens, setting them up to either find work in UAE or become strangers in the homelands of their parents.,So, places like these heritage centers, museums, and the extremely popular desert excursions, which include traditional dance and food, are popular for tourists, as well as people who live in the country but aren’t natives.,These programs, excursions, and museums are also popular with Emirati natives, who have an entirely different lifestyle in the wake of wealth, and who want to reconnect with their past.,Its not unlike a modern-day American wanting to visit Historic Jamestown or Williamsburg or a historic inn for a brush with history. There is much to learn from our pasts, after all.,Dubai and Abu Dhabi are the twin oases of United Arab Emirates. Between the two, Bedouin culture still lives — in the desert.,The middle of nowhere may not seem like the most exciting destination — but it is when you’re here.,The most popular excursion in UAE for a tourist or local alike is to reconnect with the Bedouin culture of yesterday by taking a desert safari.,Our 4×4 Jeep picked us up at our hotel in the early afternoon to begin our excursion. We were comfortably accompanied by our host, Khalid, and two other couples, one from Sochi and the other from Singapore.,We considered ourselves fortunate to have another air-conditioned tour of Dubai’s modern architecture as our Jeep picked up the other couples, and then headed out of the city, into the dusty horizon.,When we hit the desert, the first agenda item was something that has become somewhat of a modern sport: dune bashing.,Khalid stopped the Jeep at the end of the road, the brown-red ripples of the wind-kissed desert stretched out before us.,We got out and enjoyed the windy view as Khalid let air out of the tires, switching from asphalt to sand mode. We got back in, and he got to work.,Squeals of exhilaration and delight erupted inside the jeep as Khalid zoomed up and down the sand dunes.,Sometimes sliding down the side of a dune sideways, often launching the tires off the ground and into the air before plunging back into a dune with a sandy splash.,This “dune bashing” offered the ultimate off-road experience. Before long, we were joined by other Jeeps and Toyota 4x4s along the dunes.,Our collecting band joined another one in the distance.,As though competing, the drivers bashed the dunes, taking turns plunging into an enormous pit and then up again.,“Safety in numbers,” the Singaporean man said. “If one of us has auto trouble, there are others to help.”,That was a good thing, since our thrill-ride over the dunes lasted about an hour.,We stopped in a remote dune sea with nothing but sand as far as the eye could see. Then, we proceeded another ten minutes or so to our camp of Bedouin culture.,At camp, a host greeted us, one by one, with dates and our choice of Arabic coffee or tea.,A man chopped the tops off of coconuts with a machete and offered them for us to drink. After camp orientation, we were allowed to explore.,Nataliya and I opted for a camel excursion first, while the sun was still visible along the horizon.,In the orange glow of the sinking afternoon, we boarded our camel and headed out into the desert for about half an hour’s ride.,Aside from our traditionally dressed guide and the other camels around us, the view was a wonderful sea of sand dunes, dry green bushes, and orange to brown sun as it lowered in the sky.,Occasionally, a falcon looped overhead and then returned to its master back at camp.,After our camel ride, just outside camp, Nataliya and I walked about ten minutes into isolation and enjoyed the desert sunset together.,Then, in the still-light post-sunset dusk, we entered the camp again and partook of the festivities.,We watched a fire dance, with a man juggling fire, swallowing it and dancing with it. As we did, we sat in an open tent and sampled shisha, the Arabic version of hookah.,We opted to pass on the traditional tattoo, or henna, although the woman from Sochi was all over it — or rather, it was all over her.,Seated around the stage, in traditional floor-pillow seats and low tables, we enjoyed a large meal of traditional foods, including dishes of beef, goat, chicken, rice, couscous, beans, chickpeas, and lentils.,As we finished our meals, we enjoyed entertainment on the stage, where the fire dance had been performed earlier.,In a traditional tanoura dance, a man in a iridescent skirt carrying colorful drums spun around in circles so fast and for so long that we were shocked to see him walk in a straight line after.,As he spun, he arranged the drums in different patterns, and his decorative skirt also spun out, creating a rainbow of blurred beauty.,The next beauty to hit the stage was the belly dancer, who shook more than just her belly to the sound of loud applause.,After such a filling meal, we were glad that the dune-pocked drive back to the road was not as wild as the dune-bashing ride to camp.,We returned home using a slightly different route, allowing Khalid to use more road and less sand.,Before long, the city lights were ahead of us, outlining an impressive skyline of record-breaking skyscrapers.,“This is my Dubai,” Khalid said. The cityscape grew larger and brighter the closer we came to it.,“There’s something to be said for the history,” the man from Sochi said. “My city was completely changed because of the Olympics.,Some people can’t even afford to live in their homes anymore, because everything became so developed. It takes a lot of hard currency to make it where a working class man used to live.”,“But it is progress,” Khalid argued agreeably. “It’s nice to say we should still live in the desert like poor people. But we must look to our future.”,“The future is there,” I said, pointing to the bright lights of the big city. “It’s like Vegas on steroids.”,The man from Sochi chuckled. “But we also learned from the Olympics, steroids can get you in trouble.”,Nataliya chimed in. “In a way, it’s like the gentrification of a neighborhood. Some people love it, because it’s good for property values and development.,Some people hate it, because it pushes out natives and draws a new population—the people who can afford it.”,I nodded. “Like, the wealthy are invading and taking over from the poor.”,Khalid shook his head. “It’s different here.” We were now within the city, bright lights towering all around us. “Here, the wealthy are the natives.,Given a choice between camels and palm huts with wind towers, or Maserati and air-conditioned towers of glass and gold, anyone will take the latter.”,“I get it,” I said, sitting in the front seat next to our driver. “The history and culture is the most interesting thing when you’re exploring. But when it comes to daily life, everyone loves comfort and convenience.”,Khalid nodded, looking ahead at the world’s tallest building, and the world’s biggest dancing fountain beside it. “This is my Dubai. My future.”,Watching the spectacle, the enormous water display set to Arabic music, reflected in the mirrored surface of the Burj Khalifa, it was hard to believe less than an hour ago we were in the middle of the desert.,Despite the oasis around us, we were still in the middle of the desert.,Both Dubais — the traditional Bedouin past and the glass and steel future — are Dubai. A city of contrast, to be sure — and unquestionably a city to be reckoned with.,Dubai may have gotten rich off of oil, but several people we met in the city boasted that the city makes more money these days from tourism than oil — but that doesn’t mean one of the world’s richest cities has to be an expensive one.,It can be, but if you go off the beaten path, you can find less touristy, more authentic, and more affordable options.,We flew Air Canada (on a United ticket), although from what I’ve heard Emirates Airlines is the best airline to take to Dubai if you can find a deal.,Deals can be found online — we paid less than an average price from Washington DC to Paris or London.,You can find online deals on hotels, too. We stayed at the City Seasons Towers Hotel, which was conveniently located in Bur Dubai.,We managed to find a rate just above 100 a night, for a decent sized, clean, comfortable room — with breakfast included.,The hotel’s location, on Khalifa Bin Zayed Road next to Burjuman Mall, was ideal, situated with Old Dubai and Dubai Creek on one side, and New Dubai and the Sheikh Zayed Road area on the other.,We were a 45-minute walk away from the creek and a 15-minute metro ride away from the Burj Khalifa. ,The Burjuman metro was just a three-minute walk away (half of that time waiting for a crosswalk light), and cost only a few dollars. Taxis tended to run around fifteen to twenty dollars.,Dubai’s metro is easy to follow and can get you from one edge of Dubai to the other.,Take the metro to the general area, then a taxi to hone in on your target — that’ll save you taxi fare.,It also gives you the experience of the metro, much of which is above ground, offering incredible, air-conditioned views of the city’s architecture, beaches, sunrises, and sunsets.,For the trip from Abu Dhabi, there are a number of options, including train, public bus, and private coach.,We opted for the latter, allowing us to get to the places we wanted to go with little effort.,Don’t forget your sunscreen, sun hats, sun glasses, and light, breathable clothing. When we went in early spring, temperatures ranged from 99 to 114. In summer months, be prepared for 130!,Finally, keep in mind that this is probably the safest, most westernized, and most modern city in the Middle East.,Have no reservations — other that hotel and restaurant and tours — in deciding to visit United Arab Emirates.,Eric D. Goodman enjoys traveling as much as he loves writing. His fiction and travel stories have been published in many periodicals, including Go Nomad, InTravel Magazine, Go World Travel, Travel Mag, The Washington Post, The Baltimore Review, The Pedestal Magazine, The Potomac, Grub Street, Scribble Magazine, and others. Eric’s the author of the award-winning Tracks: A Novel in Stories about travelers who connect on a train, and Flightless Goose, a storybook for children. His newest book, Womb: a novel in utero was published this spring. Learn more about Eric and his work at www.EricDGoodman.com and connect with him at www.Facebook.com/EricDGoodman., ,Abu Dhabi’s nature is a breathtaking tapestry of deserts, mountains, beaches, parks, and wildlife, creating a truly stunning and mesmerizing landscape that will leave you in awe.,Lattes are objects of deep cultural significance in Guam. Learn about these unique stone artifacts here.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Think about Easter Island and it’s a good bet that its iconic stone monoliths come to mind first. But they aren’t the only massive stone carvings on remote Pacific islands that have fascinated and puzzled archeologists, anthropologists, explorers and travelers for centuries. ,Nearly 7,600 miles farther west on the northern side of the equator lie the Northern Mariana Islands where latte stone pillars dot the landscape. Although unique prehistoric monuments are found throughout Oceania, stone lattes are found nowhere else. ,The U.S territory of Guam is the centerpiece of this group of ancient volcanic islands where latte stones have become the modern symbol of the indigenous Chamorro culture representing strength and identity.  ,Latte have two solid parts: a pillar (“haligi” in Chamorro) and a cup-shaped capstone with a flat top (“tåsa” most likely from the Spanish taza for cup or bowl.) Ranging in height from 2 to 10 feet, the tallest one still standing is on the neighboring island of Tinian and is 15.7 feet high. ,The pillars and capstones often differ in shape, material and size. Some are made from quarried limestone, volcanic rock or conglomerates while others are made from rough slabs, coral or boulders rounded by water. ,Originally used by the indigenous Chamorro people as housing supports, the structures are often referred to as “casas de los antiguos” (houses of the ancients) in some reference works.,The pillars were usually set in two parallel rows around a rectangular space in pairs of six, eight, ten, twelve or fourteen pillars. ,The new book “Latte in the Marianas: By the Community, and For the Community” by Dr. Kelly Marsh and Jolie Liston notes that the ancestors of the Chamorro people arrived in the Mariana Islands around 4,000 years ago.,But it was another 2,700 to 3,100 years before latte first appeared. They were in use for approximately 700 years.,Writings from the 1500s and 1600s reported that houses were often set atop the pillars and the space below was where traditional canoes called “proa” were made and stored, or where community gatherings took place.,Other buildings for cooking, sleeping and other tasks were made of wood with palm-frond thatch or grass roofs and set on the ground.,Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan was the first European to arrive in Guam on March 6, 1521 on behalf of Spain. Forty-four years later, Guam was declared by Spain, changing the Chamorro culture forever.,According to archeological research, the use of latte ceased around the time of Spanish colonization. Authors Kelly and Liston note:,“Latte survived some of the most traumatic parts of our history, such as the arrival of the Spanish on our shores to convert what they felt were the lost souls of indigenous peoples living a pagan lifestyle. This missionization forbade a great many of our cultural ways and practices.” ,Like many of the megaliths in the Pacific islands, the significance of the latte has been lost to time and their sacredness remains speculative.,However, it’s thought by some researchers that they may have been associated with ancestor worship since the Chamorro buried their dead between the stones and on each side of the house, thus creating a sacred space.,Visitors to the Marianas today are asked not to touch the few remaining stones and to respect them for their historic and cultural significance.,“The presence of the ancestors is evident in the stones themselves, and these sacred spaces are crucial to our continued existence and prosperity as indigenous people,” Kelly and Liston note.,Latte stones and their symbolism are used in a wide range of ways from concrete reproductions that can be seen incorporated into government buildings, supporting signs and bus shelters, stamped on documents, outlined on highway markers, honored on postage stamps, and even on the 2009 US quarters for Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands.    ,Eight of these ancient megaliths can be seen by visitors to Guam at Latte Stone Park in Hagåtña, the capital village of the island.,The stones were moved to the park in the 1950s and today they’re one of seventeen sites along the two-mile “Hagåtña Heritage Walking Trail” that begins at Fort Santa Agueda, the only remaining fort of the Spanish Era in Hagåtña that dates to 1803. ,While Guam remains the center of the ancient Chamorro culture and has two American military bases, it’s also home to a large Filipino community.,Toss in Micronesian, Korean, Japanese, and Thai, add a dash of Mexican and two handfuls of Spanish, stir well and that’s the cultural stewpot that makes up Guam.,Great diving on the surrounding reef, uncrowded beaches, water sports, hiking trails for all levels and ages, historic sites including the War in the Pacific National Historical Park and the Spanish Fort Nuestra Señora de la Soledad (c.1810), the Guam Museum that’s filled with educational displays of the island’s history and culture, and much more await visitors to this Pacific paradise.,Including a latte (coffee) to go.,Start planning your latte escapade to Guam today. Get prepared with insider tips on how to get around, hotel and VRBO reservations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the best flight deals, train tickets and car rental options, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,For more information about visiting Guam, go to www.visitguam.com. ,Read our articles about other destinations here:,Author Bio: Joyce McClure,The Theyyam ceremony takes place in Kerala India. Journey with the author to experience colorful Theyyam become Gods and walk through fire.,I crouched down in front of a giant roaring fire about 4 am, camera in hand. The heat on my face and body was like nothing I had ever experienced.  “Why am I so close?” I kept asking myself.,Before I knew it, there was a huge glow and the heat intensified alarmingly fast like a punch in the face. As a result, my eyeballs strained from the heat. I quickly glanced up into the air to notice large, burning red embers dancing in the sky. They hung there for a second before raining down on me, scorching my bare feet and exposed skin.,The hot ash seared through the thin shirt on my back and a man standing behind me hastily brushed the flaming debris off me. Still crouched we held our positions, eyes locked onto the magnificent performance that was before us. Certainly, I had never seen anything like it.,I’d been shaken awake in my bed the previous morning. The train I was on creaked and wound through the hazy tree-lined fields that were Northern Kerala. I scrambled my 6’ 2” frame out of the tiny middle bunk, grabbed my bag and headed for the door.,The humid air rushing through the open carriage door was a nice wake-up call. As the train came to a slow stop at the next station I jumped off. I was in the town of Pazhayangadi. I had been travelling in India for a couple of weeks now and was heading south into Kerala to hopefully catch a glimpse of a fire Theyyam ceremony.,Theyyam is a ritualistic folk dance of Kerala dating back around 1500 years. It is performed across Kunnar and the neighbouring districts in Northern Kerala. The performances take place from October to May and the ceremonies are becoming popular tourist attractions in Kerala.,Having travelled through Goa on my way south, I had grown tired of sitting on a beach, witnessing the overtourism on the shack-lined beaches. I had become all too used to hearing the chit-chat of Westerners and loved-up honeymooners. Perhaps guilty of looking down on them, I was craving something more authentic.,After watching the train clatter off into the morning sun, I headed out of the station to explore the small town. The town was very much off the tourist trail. As I strolled down the roads, it was nice to exchange waves and smiles with the friendly locals.,After sharing stories with one local guy, he kindly offered me a lift to my homestay. After a white-knuckle ride through the rural landscape, one hand clinging onto the back of his motorbike and one hand on Google Maps, we reached my destination.,Due to the locality of each ceremony, it was a bit difficult researching where I could catch a fire Theyyam performance. Ceremonies are usually performed in family-owned places of worship. Or the grounds of local influential families where the task of performing is handed down through generations.,The ritual is usually performed to provide the safety and well-being of the local families and community. Therefore, the local villages feel it is their duty to please the gods and spirits with an act of worship.,There are over 1000 performances during the Theyyam season so it can be a bit daunting. After much debating, I hired a local expert named Santosh who I would be staying with. It seemed that Santosh knew everything there was to know about Theyyam and other South Indian ritual ceremonies. His family home was decorated with Theyyam artworks of varying forms, spiking my interest in what lay ahead.,After about an hour’s drive and a few pit-stops to ask locals for directions, we left the vehicle and embarked down a hill towards a large crowd of locals gathered inside the temple grounds. As I crouched down on the edge of the space the anticipation was building. A group of men with drums stood in the middle of the crowd and began to steadily beat the drums.,As the tempo grew faster, loud chanting erupted from the group. Songs about the godly characteristics of the Theyyam are played beforehand creating a sense of mystery and anticipation of what was about to happen. Local villagers stood around dressed in traditional wear.,Young men and children were sat near the front with smartphones at the ready, creating an odd contrast between an ancient 1500-year-old ritual ceremony and modern technology. This is something inherently common throughout India and is part of its charm.,As the drums and percussion reached a dizzying tempo, the energy in the crowd was rising. Two characters painted from head to toe in red, with elaborate headpieces and carrying huge swords entered the performance space. The costumes were more impressive in person than I had expected.,The decoration was extremely detailed. Each Theyyam was adorned in decorative bangles and varying ornaments that complimented the characteristics of the performer. The bold contrast between the red body paint and the black trim of the headpieces was striking. It was obvious just how many painstaking hours go into creating costumes and make-up of this level.,The performers were Urpazhassi Theyyam and Vettakkorumakan Theyyam. They began performing a ritual dance together, marching around the edge of the space waving their swords. The metal bangles around their ankles rang out with every step and the metal ornaments on their costumes clashed as they continued to march to the beating drums.,The dancing varies with each performer. Legend says the spirit from the God or Goddess enters the body of the performer in an almost possessed like nature. Therefore becoming God – again with varying degrees of intensity for each character.,As the Theyyams passed, I locked eyes with one for the first time. I noticed the detail in his face close up as he stood in front of me. The whites of his eyes appeared so bright in contrast to the black make-up.,I was in awe of the presence they had. But I also felt slightly unnerved being so obviously foreign in the crowd of locals. I wondered what he thought of a western tourist attending such a grounding ritual.,Were they proud to share such an ancient tradition with outsiders like me? Were they worried that eventually, these rituals would become no more than a photo opportunity for tourists? Do the locals fear the popularisation of sacred rituals to tourists as a ‘marketable experience’?,I saw one woman crying which made me realise how devoted the locals were to the Theyyams. How they felt the presence of God was in front of their very eyes. It created an entirely different connection to my admiration of the performance.,As the afternoon rolled on, the hour-long performance was followed by two other types of performances. These were the Karimkuttychattan Theyyam and Gulikan Theyyam. This time the energy and tempo felt a lot higher.,I got to witness the performers having their masks fixed into place as they slowly embodied the gods. Then they were running through and into the spectators. It was a little frightening as the masked men frantically crashed into people in a possessed nature.,One Theyyam was waving a burning torch side to side as he ran around. When the torch suddenly scorched my arm, it set the tone for what was to happen later that evening.,With only a few hours in-between to charge my camera batteries, we were heading down a single dirt track road at nightfall to catch two more Theyyam performances. This time, the fire would be the centrepiece, enhancing the spectacle to a whole new level.,We arrived outside the temple. The fluorescent strip lights that were fixed to the building and the surrounding palm trees omitted a blue hue into the thick warm air. I arrived to see the headless body of a sacrificed chicken lying next to an elderly women on rows of plastic chairs. Also, groups of men were bundling dry palm leaves to construct the fire.,Behind a gathering of people preparing for the next ceremony, I noticed a couple of the performers lying on the floor having their face and body make-up applied. I edged closer to catch a glimpse of the transformation – the precision and detail were remarkable.,The performers were lying deadly still as the small and delicate brushstrokes were applied to their skin. Their eyes peered up at the sky, patiently waiting. The bright-coloured paints used by the Theyyam teams were once naturally made. But in modern times, more synthetic make-up has been used as the demand for performances increased. This was the only sneak-peak allowed. Changing into costume and into full transformation took place in the relative privacy of a palm cubicle.,I could feel the energy in and around the temple building by the minute. By now a circle of spectators was forming in the dusty temple courtyard, people had climbed onto the temple roof eager to get the best view and the bundles of palms were being piled up in the middle of the space.,Suddenly, the familiar beat of drumming filled the air, followed by the crashing of percussion instruments. The tempo was rising and the crowds thickened. A few men with burning torches lit the bonfire. I immediately knew that we were all probably a little too close. As the fire was lit, my body was overcome with heat. But at the same time I was frozen in place with anticipation.,From the other side of the temple, with an entourage of percussionists, the great Kandanar Kelan Vellattam appeared. From what I could tell, he had already embodied the spirit of the gods. He was dancing and spinning around the fire furiously and the drums were at full speed to match his energy.,The spectators and I crouched at the front snapped away on our cameras. Suddenly, the Theyyam and a handful of his procession prodded the roaring fire using large wooden sticks. With great strength, they threw the embers and palm leaves straight up into the air. The air glowed red and the heat intensified.,As my face burned from the heat, my eyes filled with astonishment. Then, from the sky above, the red-hot embers came raining down on all of us crouched at the front. Some people scrambled back, others just brushed it off and welcomed the few small burns. I fell into the latter group, not wanting to take my eyes off the performance.,The Theyyams aides piled up the burning debris onto the fire and threw on more bundles of dry palms. After more frenzied rituals and dancing, the fire was again lifted into the air with the same force as before. This continued throughout the hour or so long performance.,As the intensity and fire dulled, the Theyyam made his way around the spectators, still manifesting the spirit of the God. He gave them his blessing in return for humble donations. Despite its popularity and high risk, performing Theyyam isn’t a profitable income. It is highly seasonal with performers working for only 5-6 months a year. They sustain themselves throughout the year with an average of RS 800 ($10) for a performance, plus donations from the audience.,Sweating and covered in ash, I made my way back from the front row, trying not to stand barefoot on any of the leftover embers. My skin cooled as I sat back on a concrete wall to digest the performance.,Drums and chanting bellowed from the other side of the temple as 4 am approached. The possessed Theyyam entered with men holding his arms back to control his frenzy and they marched around the fire now burning furiously.,Suddenly, the Theyyam broke free from their grip. With only his bare feet, he ran straight towards the fire and disappeared into it, reappearing on the other side. The bundled palms would have been harsh enough on the soles of the feet, I thought, but walking over them on fire was hard to imagine.,With the fire obscuring my view and the drumming almost deafening, I could hardly make out his form heading back towards me. Suddenly the Theyyam once again burst through the fire, running over the burning fuel with every step. After each pass through the fire, the Theyyam’s aides would sweep the debris back onto the fire and feed it more palms.,All the while, the elaborate costume miraculously did not catch fire as he continued to run. The heat and smell of the burning fire in the night sky, the huge red costume, the loud drumming and chanting created a sensory overload.,The Theyyam’s aides were holding his arms back yet again as he thrashed around in an enthralling nature. Then, all three of the men ran towards the fire and through it. Consequently, the aides were engulfed in the fire, bare feet and skin exposed. Without hesitation, they would turn around and run straight back through the burning fire.,Santosh assured me that the fire-fueled main events were finished as it approached 5 am. Happy, tired and burnt, we left the temple while smaller performances were to continue way into the morning. Stopping for chai a mile or so down the road we gathered our thoughts after all the hysteria.,Back at the homestay, I was lying in my bed, the morning heat rising, skin covered in ash and sweat and a belly full of sweet chai. It was difficult to get to sleep after all the excitement.,After the busy night turned early morning, you’d have thought that would have been enough. However, there’s something extremely captivating about a Theyyam performance. Subsequently, the next day I attended another ritual, right before jumping on my rollercoaster-like bus ride south towards my next destination.,With my hole-ridden, bonfire-smelling shirt on my back I thought back to the women from the previous night – crying as they asked the Theyyam for their blessings. Spirits may possess the Theyyams during the ceremony, but the Theyyams certainly possess the audience.,I’d only had a glimpse of what it could all mean to them during my brief encounter. I realised I’d probably never experience that level of emotional connection to a performance like this. Furthermore, I’ve taken something away that I won’t be forgetting anytime soon. Certainly, it’s an experience that’s burned into my memory for good…pun intended.,Author Bio: Lee is an award-winning filmmaker and photographer based in London. His work, together with his passion for travel, has taken him to many corners of the globe over the years. He has extensive experience shooting in remote environments across Africa and Asia for charities such as Save the Children, IRC and Book Aid international – the latter recently winning him a Gold EVCOM award for Cinematography.,From off-season discounts to travel packages, here are six simple ways to make the most of your vacation budget.,For many, travel is an important part of life. We spend weeks planning our next vacation and looking for the best travel deals. If you’re like me, you don’t have an unlimited budget, so you look for ways to make your travel budget go further.  ,Happily, there are several easy ways to save money on your next vacation. Here are seven top budget travel tips:,It’s not just where you travel, but when you travel that matters. Prices go up and down depending on demand, and that’s true with travel. Hotel rooms, airline tickets and car rental prices can go up more than 40 percent in the high season.,I learned this the hard way on a past family trip to Hawaii. We traveled during the last week of December when the kids were off from school. The weeks around Christmas and New Year are one of the busiest seasons in Hawaii. While it usually costs around $650 to fly from Denver to Oahu, that week it cost more than $1100 a ticket. And car rentals? That went up from the average $400 a week to $850. Yikes!,Suddenly, our family trip got very expensive. Fortunately, I found that car rental prices went down after January 3rd, so we turned in our rental car that day, and rented another one for the next week at only $325/wk. Every little bit helps!,The best time to travel is often in the spring and fall. The weather is usually pleasant enough to spend some time outdoors, there are fewer crowds and hotel, air and car rental prices are cheaper.,The busiest travel seasons are in the summer, when kids are off school, and around the holidays. If you can avoid these times, you can save money on travel.,Do some research before your trip and find free local events and attractions. Festivals, for example, offer a good way to enjoy the destination with the locals, and can provide a memorable experience for little to no money.,Some popular attractions are free or budget-friendly. In our small town of Golden, Colorado, for example, the local Coors brewery offers an extensive tour with beer tasting for free, and the city has a year-round lineup of busy festivals.,How do you find destination information? The local tourism board is often the best source of information on a destination, and I usually start at official tourism websites. These sites are written by locals who know and understand the destination and provide a wide range of helpful information.,Other helpful places to look for insider knowledge on local events and places to eat are TripAdvisor and Travelocity. You can make reservations, find a place to stay and virtually map out your trip through each site as well.,Travel packages are an excellent way to save money. Purchasing your air, hotel and tours all together can often shave off hundreds of dollars in cost compared to purchasing each item individually.,Where can you find travel packages? Airlines, resorts and tour companies are a good place to start.,Check out Kiwi for the more deals on flights, trains, buses and more. Book all transportation as a package to be confident that you have trusted reservations and saved the most money you could. Check out the package options and deals here.,Airplane and car travel aren’t the only way to get around. Be sure to consider transportation options by train and bus.,North Americans don’t often consider traveling by bus, but in Europe, travel by luxury bus is the new affordable way to travel. Buses are clean, modern, have bathrooms and free Wi-Fi. And often, it’s faster to go by bus than by train. I recently took a bus from Vienna to Prague (a four-hour journey) for just $18 – and it got there about the same time as the train,Traveling by train is also a relaxing and enjoyable way to get around in Europe. They’re punctual, clean, and very affordable. For example, a train ticket from Nuremberg to Munich (a two-hour ride) is just $27.,Paris, Rome and San Francisco are amazing destinations, but they can also be expensive when it comes to planning a vacation.,Do your research and consider places that are just as amazing, but not quite as popular. You’ll not only save money on travel expenses, but you won’t have to fight the crowds or deal with locals who are overwhelmed with tourists.,Find deals on activities and transportation in destinations all over the world with Tour Radar. From exploring the cliffs in Ireland to the quiet beaches of New Zealand, you’ll find all the unique sights to see in these less traveled places. Check out their tour deals here.,Instead of skiing in Vail, for example, try out Steamboat Springs, Colorado. And rather than fight the crowds in Barcelona, check out the beautiful beaches of San Sabastian, Spain. Tiny European countries like Lithuania and Latvia are often overlooked, but the Baltic Countries are rich with culture, good food and nice hotels – and they’re much more affordable than many other places in Europe.,Weather interference, flight delays and illness can mess up even the most organized travel plans. To ensure you don’t lose your hard earned vacation investment or end up with unexpected expenses, we recommend that you buy travel insurance.,Whether it’s luggage getting lost, a canceled flight or a sudden personal emergency, Travel Guard will have you covered. Learn how you can protect your money and items for long-term travel or just a quick trip here.,If you travel a lot, one of the best travel insurance options for your budget is to buy an annual plan. Depending on your age, an annual plan may only cost a few hundred dollars. If you’re only planning one big trip, you can purchase travel insurance for that trip.,Ready to start planning a trip? Check out our helpful travel resource center.,The stink may not be a factor, but a horny adolescent camel can make a desert journey memorable.,When talking to several camel safari operators in Jaisalmer, India, they all assured me that the trek was worth it, despite the pungent aroma of the dromedaries, as if the camel stink was something foreigners could handle only with advance notice.After spending two days perched on one, though, I can say that the stink just wasn’t a big factor on my trip. They didn’t smell like roses, but maybe I just got used to the stench of mine; I called him Paco.,Paco was a bit young for safaris, and the guides said that it would be dangerous to use him for treks without a human lead walking alongside him. He, and all the camels used for schlepping are always “he,” because the she-camels are larger and prone to driving their male counterparts into hormonal rages that end in what can only be described as the dromedary with two humps.,I was the only tourist on my trek to suffer the trauma of having a horny adolescent camel. The other four tourists on the trek, including my traveling companion—my Financial and Menu Adviser—were able to guide their own camels with their own reins. There were five of us: Stu, the Canadian; Tim and his girlfriend Mel, a British couple; and the FMA and I.,Stu was wacky.,He had a digital video camera with a separate lens component that looked like military or spy hardware strapped to a headband. The recording part of the camera was positioned on his belt. With his longish red hair, he looked a bit like Richard Simmons gone Borg. While the locals we would encounter clearly enjoyed discussing him, none of this made him memorable.,What really made Stu unforgettable was that he rarely walked upright. He bobbed and weaved, his thin, pale white arms with their dusting of red hair spread out for balance. He crouched low, then rose up high, like a cross between a boxing instructor and a DIY infomercial on how to shoot extreme sports.,Stu was friendly, too, a nice guy with a genuine interest in what went on around him, but whack-a-mole wacky. He’ll probably win an Oscar someday.,Tim and Mel, on the other hand, were the antithesis of Stu. Clean-cut Londoners, they provided a perfect balance to Stu’s optimistic bob-and-weave. Pleasant to talk to, willing to share the more embarrassing moments of their trip as eagerly as the exciting, frustrating or horrific ones, it was nice to meet others who enjoyed India, but didn’t think that it was some kind of mysterious magical wonderland.,With Paco and I at the tail of the line, we trudged westward with our guides, past the brown desert scrub and toward the sand dunes north of the town of Sam. We ate during the hottest part of the day under some scrubby trees on the edges of the dunes. The guides helped us dismount, with much gronking and chortling from the camels, and then they cooked us an authentic desert meal: rice, chapatis, dhal and some kind of curried desert vegetable.,The guides used very little water when cleaning the dishes. They used sand for soap, which resolved the issue of waste by absorbing anything left over. When we left, the dung beetles that infested the sands moved on the remains like large black maggots.,From the larger mammals to the occasional bird and the ubiquitous insects, the desert boiled with a curious stew of creatures. People, too, populated the scorched, scrubby plains and shifting dunes. As the camels and our guides slowly plugged along into the four o’clock sun, we came upon a lone tree with red strings tied all over its branches: a Hindu cemetery, explained the guides.,Soon after, I saw a village spread out on the horizon. Much closer, a group of cisterns and wells was being used by the villagers. We dismounted to get water for the camels, so I went over to the locals. Ignoring me as they chatted among themselves, they pulled water up from 70 meters below the surface of the sand. When the rope reached the top, I was surprised to see it wasn’t attached to one of those cheap plastic buckets found all over India.,Instead, the rope was tied to the four corners of a piece of brown leather. Pulled up like a baby’s nappy, it looked like it held a frightfully small quantity of water for the effort required to haul it up.,Over and over again, it was dropped then hoisted, and its contents dumped into containers, into hands, onto heads. For a place that measured its rain not in centimeters but in years, as in, “We haven’t had any measurable rain in two years,” they seemed absurdly wasteful of such a precious commodity.,After about two hours of more camel riding, we closed in again on the dunes. The sun fell lower in the sky, and our shadows, elongated on the sand, became a photo-op for Tim and Mel. Restricted to the top of his camel, Stu’s bob-and-weave videography was limited to the cadence of his carrier.,Before we knew it, we’d reached the center of the dunes. Only on the edge of the horizon did the sine wave of sandy hills flatten to infinity. After dismounting, the FMA and I walked away from where the guides were unsaddling our rides, for the night.,Confronted by such enormous, overwhelming repetition that somehow wasn’t repetitive, we parked our sore butts and legs on the sand and watched the sun slip below the horizon. The pollution from Pakistan floats eastward, so the sun turned an angry red and then dropped out of sight far above the horizon. While our view of the sunset was utterly undramatic, it was the same one that the large group of day-tripping tourists on a nearby dune saw.,Dinner came and went, and tasted the same as lunch, even if the food was different. Indian beer wasn’t much to speak of, either, with a marginal alcohol content to match the marginal taste. Before the beer was gone we were interrupted by one of the guides. The moon was rising.,We clambered up the dune to be greeted by a big fiery ball of white. The valleys and mountains on the moon’s surface were visible to the naked eye. The dunes were almost as bright in the moonlight as they were four hours earlier, in daylight. We all stood in awe. Tim even proposed to Mel, choosing what she later called “the perfect night” to ask her to marry him.,The second day brought me Paco 2.0, an older and more mature camel than the first, which I was able to lead on my very own. It was like graduating kindergarten. And just like back in kindergarten, it didn’t take me long to find myself getting chastised. One guide told me not to kick in my heels to get P2 to speed up, since that upsets their stomachs.,Camel welfare, however, did not interfere with the same guide repeatedly beating another camel on the neck with his fist, when the beast misbehaved. I thought about pointing out this irony to the guide, but decorum and a severe language barrier got the better of me.,The village of Sam, a collection of a dozen huts and three dozen piles of trash on the ground, was unremarkable. There were no local crafts that were pointed out to us, no obvious reason why the village was even there.,At the end of the trek, we visited a well where many women were, collecting water in steel jugs that they balanced on their heads. Our guides wouldn’t let us approach them or even ask questions from across the well, but at four in the afternoon it was damn hot to be carrying steel jugs anywhere.,All I could take away from the camel safari, besides another interesting, yet not fantastic Indian adventure, was a reminder of a Zen moral translated in 1990s parlance: It’s the experience, stupid., ,I think you are a great writer. It wasn’t my intention to read an article of someones travels, I was searching for information on Paco Young. However, when I skimmed the story, it drew me in, and I had to start from the beginning.,Thanks for the interesting info on camel riding! Oh, and there was a purpose for your visit to India, to tell me about it afterwards!,Less-touristy towns in the ‘heel of Italy’ will charm visitors with their rustic beauty, traditional cuisine, cathedrals and castles.,Welcome to the land of centuries-old olive trees, beautiful beaches, lovely old towns with narrow alleyways, and outstanding cuisine. Puglia is a region in the south of Italy, also known as the “heel of Italy.”,Although not as attractive and touristy as Rome, Venice or Florence, Puglia’s ancient towns and extravagant churches, as well as olive-green seas, will certainly charm tourists bored with endless crowds in popular Italian cities.,It’s no wonder Italy is one of the top destinations to visit in Europe.,Your initial encounter with this region may be the airports in Bari or Brindisi. You can fly here from many cities across Europe. Bari and Brindisi can be a great base for touring stunning coastal places and hidden corners off the beaten tracks.,You will find out why the ancient Greeks built cities here, see the most beautiful Puglian cathedrals and castles, and discover places that will fascinate you with their beauty and Mediterranean spirit.,Bari is the largest city in the Puglia region, known for the Basilica of San Nicola, a significant Catholic pilgrimage. It is situated in the old town center, which features many small streets with narrow passages. Be sure to stop for a cup of espresso in one of the cafes on Piazza Mercantile.,You can also visit Bari Cathedral, a Romanesque church with a beautiful exterior, and Castello Normanno-Svevo, a 13th-century castle. Take a walk along the promenade by the sea and try the local pasta, orecchiette. You can also relax at the large public sandy beach, Pane e Pomodoro.,There are several interesting places not far from Bari that you can visit as part of a day-trip adventure. Until the middle of the last century, Matera was an inferior place, considered a “shame of Italy.” But, after the intervention of the Italian authorities, this place became a popular tourist destination.,Thanks to 12,000 years of history, numerous stone churches and houses carved into the rock, Matera has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Today, this place is the scenography of numerous film achievements. In 2019, Matera was declared the European Capital of Culture.,You can also visit Castel del Monte, an impressive castle perched on top of a hill. It is built in the shape of an octagon, with thick walls and an inner courtyard. The surroundings of this castle are famous for their vineyards and excellent wines.,Get a taste for some of the wines you will have in Italy by ordering a couple of bottles before you go. With Wine.com you can chat with an expert and pick wines based on preferences and regions around the world. Check out their selection and deals here to get your Italian flavors delivered right to your door.,Polignano a Mare boasts a restaurant in a cave, where you can go for dinner and enjoy a fantastic view of the Adriatic Sea. Besides, in this cheerful coastal town, you can watch the Red Bull cliff-diving competition. There is also a lovely beach, a charming old town and excellent ice cream that you must try.,In the charming town of Monopoli, you can fall in love with Piazza Giuseppe Garibaldi, which has great restaurants where you can eat local specialties, including gelato, pizza and pasta.,You can also visit Trani, north of Bari. Villa Comunale is a green oasis with a promenade by the sea. Take a walk and enjoy the view of the harbor with numerous small boats that fishermen use every day to bring their catch to the local market.,Gargano is a hilly and wooded peninsula in the region of Puglia, at the Adriatic Sea coastline. It features lush forests, sandy beaches and bright sea caves. If you are a nature lover, Gargano National Park and Forest Umbra are ideal places to explore. You can get a map and walk along many hiking trails.,If you want to enjoy the wonderful sea view, stop by the spectacular steep shores of the small town of Vieste. From Vieste, you can go on a boat trip to the Tremiti Islands. That archipelago consists of five smaller islands, and it’s an excellent place for water sports, such as scuba diving and swimming.,Peschici is a lovely fishing town with a long sandy beach. Castello Normanno (Norman Castle) and Torre del Ponte (Tower Bridge) are the most popular tourist spots.,You can also visit the Sanctuary of Monte Sant Angelo, a UNESCO World Heritage Site built in the 13th century in a charming town of the same name in the hills.,Valle d’Itria or Itria Valley is an area in the Puglia region, known for its vineyards and olive groves, from which top-quality Italian olive oil is obtained.,Alberobello is the landmark of Itria Valley. That fairytale town is recognized for its whitewashed Trulli houses, with specific rooftops in the shape of a cone. Take a walk through this pleasant town, buy a handmade souvenir or local wine in one of the many small shops.,In Martina Franca, you can see lovely examples of Baroque architecture. The magnificent Palazzo Ducale is located in the central city square, Piazza Roma. Today, this building serves as the city’s town hall and museum. The Basilica di San Martino is another beautiful Baroque building worth visiting. In the music world, Martina Franca is known for the grand opera festival organized every summer.,Locorotondo is one of the most beautiful Italian villages, with its circular shape and white buildings. Here you can drink top-quality white wines with a fantastic panoramic view of the Itria Valley.,Puglia also has a unique white city. Ostuni is recognizable by its white buildings and white streets. Although Puglia is known for its Baroque and Romanesque architecture, this medieval town is dominated by the Gothic cathedral Ostuni. Cisternino is another popular tourist site with a pretty old town, halfway between Ostuni and Lorocotondo.,Salento is the southernmost part of the Puglia region. Its shores are surrounded by two seas — the Adriatic Sea in the east and the Ionian Sea in the west. Salento has strong ties to Greek heritage. In addition to a specific local dialect, you can also admire beautiful places that have experienced a strong cultural influence from Greece, like Corigliano d’Otranto or Calimera.,You’ll want to know at least some Italian before you travel. Check out Babbel and learn the Italian basics or keep going and become fluent in conversation for your trip. With flexible lesson plans, you can learn the language on your schedule and without spending a fortune. Check out the lesson options and deals here.,Lecce is the most beautiful city in southern Italy. With the Baroque arrival in the 17th century, the construction of beautiful palaces began, so Lecce often reminds visitors of Florence. As you walk through the old town, you will be delighted by the Basilica di Santa Croce. Its construction lasted for 200 years. That paid off since its elegant beauty is captivating. You can also visit the remains of the Roman amphitheater from the 2nd century.,Gallipoli had the largest Mediterranean olive oil market in the 18th century. Upon arrival to this charming town, you will notice a beautiful Greek fountain. Crossing the bridge, you enter the old town located on the island, intersected by narrow streets with small shops and cafes. You can enjoy a beautiful beach with golden sand, just under the old town’s walls.,Otranto is the easternmost Italian city. It is located in an important geostrategic position, near the Strait of Otranto, where the Adriatic and Ionian seas meet. A fortress with massive ramparts is the most recognizable sight of Otranto. You can find numerous boutiques, souvenir shops and cafes in its narrow streets.,Be sure to visit the 11th-century Romanesque cathedral. You can see lovely details on its facade and a beautiful floor mosaic. At sunset, walk along the promenade and enjoy the view of the harbor and the Adriatic Sea.,The city of Taranto is located in a small bay on the Ionian Sea’s shores. It is an important port and industrial center of the Puglia region. The main attractions in Taranto are the Cathedral of San Cataldo and Aragonese Castle, also known as Castel Sant Angelo. This fortification was built in the 15th century by Aragon King Ferdinand I of Naples, and today it has been turned into an Italian Navy base.,The coastal town of Santa Maria di Leuca is located in the extreme south of the Salento peninsula. If you are looking for an exciting adventure, you will be fascinated by the rocky shoreline with numerous sea caves. You can explore them as part of a boat tour with local guides.,Puglia is the eighth-most-populated region in Italy, and it provides around 40 percent of the country’s olive oil. Puglia is also known for its large bread and pastry production and one of the largest wine-making Italian regions.,Incredible wine, delicacies and olive oil are just some of the products you can buy here. If you are one of those travelers who always get souvenirs on your trips, here are some places that feature unique Puglia products.,AquaPulia,Founders of AquaPulia, pharmacists and fragrance creators Maria Elia Perta and Paola Azzarone started the company to pay tribute to their homeland’s unmistakable scents. The company has a small laboratory where essences turn into sincere exaltations of the world-renowned Apulian landscapes, history and culture. Their goal is to create perfumes that would crystallize memories of places and situations in people’s minds and souls.,Olio Intini,This family-run company is one of the most awarded companies in the world for the premium quality of its oils. Its kingdom is made of about 20 acres of olive groves nestled between Alberobello and the Itria Valley. A wonderful variety boasts unique peculiarities and constitutes the base of the eight Intini labels.,Puglia in Rosé –,The Puglia in Rosé Association is the first-of-its-kind organization of Apulian rosé wine producers, headquartered in Bari. Apulia is the main Italian producer of rosé, and one of the finest in the world, thanks to exceptional pedoclimatic factors and a long-standing tradition of winemaking.,The enhanced care results in the total absence of chemical substances and sulfites in the production process, making wine enthusiasts worldwide becoming more and more infatuated with Apulian rosé.,Panificio Di Gesù,Panificio Di Gesù is a bakery that makes a special kind of traditional bread in an ancient oven, the Forno Di Gesù. Legend says that Uncle Luca, born in 1934, would hop on his bike and bring the bread he baked himself in a small homemade oven to the prisoners of Camp 65. A bakery filled with tasty pastries is a must-see place in Altamura.,Produttori di Manduria,Produttori di Manduria, established in 1928, is one of the leading winemakers and exporters in Italy. With 400 small growers farming 900 hectares (2,223 acres) of vineyards, Manduria is the birthplace of the native Primitivo grape. The dedication of the team and excellence of the products have earned the firm several prestigious recognitions.,Italy is one of the best destinations for wine tasting.,BioOrto,BioOrto is a premium household name in Europe when it comes to organic fruits and vegetables. The tenacious character of the Passalacqua family traces back to the mid-1900s. Dedication and hard work allowed them to purchase the fertile soils that are still home to BioOrto’s production of vegetables and fruits that extend as far as the eye can see.,Ceramiche Carella Ostuni,In the early 1970s, the Carella family realized that ceramics were more than mere kitchenware commodities: They had an innate potential to be refined furnishing elements. In the 2000s, Ceramiche Carella Ostuni began producing ceramics in its own production laboratory. According to the family, crafting and selling ceramics is the best way to reveal their beloved Puglia to the world through one of its traditions.,Holystic,When launching Holystic in 2016, its co-founders had a clear vision: They wanted to elevate T-shirts from ordinary garments into sensory T-shirts. Holystic T-shirts are made entirely of fine bamboo fiber sourced from the most pristine areas of the planet.,In addition to the excellent breathability and thermoregulation that bamboo fibers provide, all T-shirts are designed to be 100 percent biodegradable and antibacterial while protecting the skin from UV rays.,Ready to lose yourself in the beauty and flavors of Puglia, Italy? Start by finding the best flight options and ground transportation packages on Kiwi. Then you can research hotel or VRBO options, historic cathedrals and where to find the best Italian food near you with Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Don’t miss out on all the Puglia has to offer and book a couple of tours through GetYourGuide. This trusted tour provider has activities that will excite everyone in your group whether you want to experience the Foggia 2-Hour Private Gourmet Wine Tour with Tastings or adventure on the Polignano a Mare: Boat Cave Tour. Book your tours here now and cancel anytime up to 24-hours before the event in case of any last-minute changes.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagna. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,In Russia, New Year’s Eve means good food, a walk on Red Square and presents from Grandfather Frost. Explore more of the holiday in Moscow.,My wife and I knew that things would be different, different than back home, but especially different from how they’d once been here in Russia. Though Moscow is the city with the most billionaires, home of world icons like St. Basil’s Cathedral and the Kremlin, I grew up in the USA at the tail end of the Cold War, leaving me with lingering thoughts of bread lines, high-kicking soldiers, and avenues of war tanks. I had never really thought about Christmas and New Year’s in Russia at all — until now.,In Russia, Grandfather Frost, as legend tells it, delivers his presents on the sly during the New Year’s Eve festivities, undetected in and out of Russian residences, a flurry of gifts for the good girls and boys.,Ever at his side is his granddaughter, the Snow Maiden, whose function my Russian English students could only explain is to help her grandfather, noting she is not a toy-making elf so that any child-labor concerns could dissipate there. When I asked how Grandfather Frost gets around, whether or not he was a sleigh driver, my students reported that transportation had never been discussed.,Mr. Frost looks familiar—a ZZ Top beard, a regal robe with furry cuffs, matching pant, and a funny hat—but, also known as Ded Moroz, he first appeared as a mythical god of weather with a penchant for freezing children and using his sack to kidnap them.,In later life, his wicked ways changed into friendlier traits. By the end of the 1800s, Grandfather Frost became the national icon of the New Year’s celebration in Russia. Dressed in blue, specifically not red, it was he who ribbon-wrapped joy throughout the Eastern European countries that composed the Soviet Bloc.,Santa Claus and Grandfather Frost go about their tasks of seasonal cheer with their own respective techniques. While Santa lounges about in shopping malls, letting children unleash lists of requests, posing for photos, not once did I see Grandfather Frost talking toys, nor did he fill the air of the GUM with ho-ho-hos.,On delivery day, Santa dictates bedtimes and demands patience, but Frost sneaks in mid-party, not a bell jingling or rooftop clattering. Children in Russia can rip into their gifts right away, with no curfew. Here, the party continues well past midnight.,A close second to presents is all those delicious treats. On the 25th of December, my wife Emma and I had upheld our own cultural responsibilities, doing Christmas right, stockings stuffed with goodies, the house engulfed in the smell of yuletide cookery. Sage and onion filled our one-room abode, the sweet aroma of mulled wine danced about the tops of our glasses.,We filled our plates beyond capacity, ate everything gravy-laced, mixing flavors, textures, apple sauce and mashed potatoes. Few things encapsulate Christmas as decisively as the traditional dinner. Russia has its traditional foods as well: Oliviye, a mutant potato salad where the simple spud-mayo mixture moves into the realms of diced meat, salted fish, and boiled carrots, takes the centerpiece of the Russian seasonal table.,Around it are the ceremonious bursts of caviar, a rather daring cream cheese spread infused with mashed raw garlic, as well as the more familiar favorites: mandarin oranges, nuts, cookies, and cakes. Gingerbread abounds. Then, in a long stretch of the local market, pineapples have somehow emerged as another Christmas favorite.,To capture the national spirit, we did our best to create these holiday favorites. Needless to say, it was not the same explosion of smells that we identify as intrinsically festive. The allotment is mayonnaise-laced, creamy and carb-heavy, but we addressed it with the same stomach-bulging recklessness as we had stuffing and pie.,Then, when things digested a bit, it was time to go back for more. The whole eclectic buffet washed down with the very beloved Russian champagne, second only to vodka in popularity.,The snow had fallen on cue the entire week before our Christmas, coating the world in white, but the following week, temperatures spiked upwards, jumping above freezing for a couple of days, long enough to decimate the snow population in Moscow.,Many of my students had expressed their hatred for the Russian winter, the bitter cold, the bolstering blasts, but as the holiday approached, so did disappointment. It was a sad sight, the beautiful white December Christmas turning to muddy slush and dirty heaps of snow-matter at the sides of the pavements.,Not a soul was out sledding or rolling up ammunition for friendly snow battles when Emma and I left our apartment at about 10 pm, heading out to see the famous New Year’s countdown in front of St. Basil’s, the famous cathedral that dominates Red Square in Moscow.,Families in our neighborhood were sitting snug behind high-rising stacks of radiant windows, but downtown teemed. People packed into ramshackle lines, filing through metal detectors before entering the streets around Red Square. The hordes pulsed with aimless electricity, stunned and screaming, especially those directly behind us, wherever we stood.,Stopped by a caravan of military trucks and accompanying fleet of arm-in-arm soldiers, Emma and I waded away from Red Square and settled beneath a street clock across from the national history museum.,A backpack-wielding partier behind me twisted and howled, his bag beating me senseless. At about five minutes to the hour, the crowd began to erupt into cheers every twenty seconds or so, until ultimately, without even a ten-to-one countdown to the New Year, the crucial moment slipped by in errant, ill-timed ovations. Barely a kiss passed between Emma and me.,From our vantage point, fireworks struggled to clear the height of the buildings of the square, and ultimately, pushed, brushed, and bumped enough, we shrugged the whole thing off. We wriggled our way through the crowd and onto Tverskoy Ulitsa, a wide avenue usually chockablock with cars but made pedestrian for the night.,With no idea how to get back to our Metro station, police blockades cordoning off the side streets in either direction, we just pitched in. We joined a most revered Russian New Year’s activity: taking an aimless walk after midnight. Spirits were high as people strolled along beneath strings of lights, no way to go but forward, so we all took an unusual walking tour of a city notorious for its traffic and expansive roads.,Some ways down the boulevard, a stage had been erected so that Russian pop stars could perform. A crowd formed in front of them while entering and exiting strollers stretched endlessly from either side, military personnel eagle-eyeing every corner. Even so, the city had a warm calm about it, something I’d not felt here: For a moment, the striving for modernity had given way to tradition.,When we reached Pushkin Station, we caught a train back home. On board, a co-ed group of twenty-somethings played games, interlacing their arms and tapping out rhythms on each other’s knees. I watched them do it for nearly an hour. Then, climbing the stairs of the exit, we discovered that the city had been blanketed in white, snow still trickling down from a sky set alight with pyrotechnics. Families had come out. Children were taking to the slopes of our local park. Russian “Christmas” had become official: Grandfather Frost had returned.,Author’s Bio: Jonathon Engels, formerly a tight-lipped international observer, now reveals his secrets in a multitude of musings, his subjects ranging from a lack of public restrooms in England to the abundance of port-o-loos in Moscow, as well as other non-toilet related humor. A patron saint of misadventure, Jonathon has been stumbling his way across cultural borders since 2005 and currently resides in Moscow, Russia. For more of his work, visit his website and blog.,Known for its beautiful beaches, luxury resorts and excellent restaurants, Nusa Dua in southern Bali has a rich cultural heritage which can be seen in its many unique temples. Here’s why you’ll want to visit.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.   ,“Where did the water go?”,My husband and I stand in shocked silence during our first morning on Pantai Samuh (Sumah Beach) at the Westin Nusa Dua Resort. What should have been a beautiful swimming bay with gentle waves has disappeared.,Swim buoys sit on the sand and beyond, exposed seagrass. We can barely hear and see the distant surf beyond the bay’s protective reef.,No worries, it’s just low tide, the resort server tells us. The moon and sun play tug-of-war with the earth and the waters of Nusa Dua display the results. We foolishly ask if the bay will ever refill.,“Oh, yeah. It comes right back,” he says. That fast? While we know about tides, we have never seen anything this dramatic. Along with some other beachgoers, we amble into the bay, past the swim buoys in water only up to our knees.,Wading farther out from us, three men collecting clams put their spoils into coolers floating behind them, tied to their waists with rope.,Since the server said the water would return soon, we claim two beach lounge chairs to watch. He isn’t kidding. Before our eyes, the Indian Ocean spills back over the reef and into Benoa Bay. We observe each swim buoy until they float again and waves lap the shore. All this has happened before lunch.,Located on the eastern side of Bukit Peninsula, Nusa Dua is a popular area in southern Bali, Indonesia. We knew before we arrived that it was a popular tourist area filled with upscale resorts, shopping malls, restaurants and other attractions.,People from all over the world venture here for soft sand beaches, tropical weather, delicious food and drink, and charming people. Usually, areas that cater to tourists don’t always offer “authentic” Bali experiences. Not the case in Nusa Dua, but unlike the changing tides, authenticity is slower to witness.,Nusa Dua means “Two Islands” and refers to the two tiny peninsulas that become almost islands at high tide. Tethered to Bukit, both locals and visitors use these appendages as parks and temples.,Nusa Gede (Peninsula Island), a large park with manicured lawns, paved sidewalks, public restrooms, vending machines, and a helipad, bustles with activity.,While other visitors circle the perimeter, we follow a path to the center to gawk below the towering statue of two enormous figures, figures so large we pondered their significance from the Westin over a mile away.,With no signage help at the pedestal, I resort to Google and discover the statues are Arjuna and Krishna, prominent figures in the Hindu tale of Mahabharata, the longest epic poem in history, longer than the Iliad and Odyssey combined.,At the far end of the park, we follow other visitors under a wooden sign that reads “Water Blow.” The paved walkway leads to jagged pock-marked lava cliffs where the path splits into two, each ending at a wooden platform overlooking the rocks and ocean.,For several minutes, we watch as waves far below enter the rocks and splash up the through the “water blow” hole.  We speculate because of the low tide, the splashes aren’t as spectacular as they could have been. That will change in a few hours.,Smaller than Nusa Gede and closer to our resort, Nusa Dharma is connected by a sliver of sand with a cement stairway leading to the top that appears it might crumble at the next high tide.,The peninsula is lush with vegetation and the holy site of Pura Nusa Dharma in Indonesia. A large sign at the temple entrance warns visitors that only traditional dress, a sarong, must be worn inside and menstruating women are not allowed.,Temples are everywhere. Each resort has its own elaborate structure while businesses and restaurants have smaller versions where the devout place daily offerings.,These brightly colored offerings consist of bowls of woven green bamboo leaves filled with pink and yellow flowers. Paired with a burning stick of incense, the offerings fill with air with sweet and earthy fragrances as you stroll around Nusa Dua.,Hoping to see an ancient temple, not just the new temples made to look old, we walk the length of Nusa Dua, embarking on the paved path along resort row passing fabulous resort after fabulous resort.,Some of the names are familiar – Hyatt, St. Regis, Marriott. The most exquisite of all is Mulia on the picturesque Pantai Gege. It features a pool lined with giant statues of women in long dresses and large-brimmed hats holding baskets pouring water into the pool. Like something from a movie set, it’s both amazing and gaudy.,From Mulia’s beachfront, we glimpse a temple’s weathered towers rising above the trees on a seaside cliff. This is one of Bali’s many historic, yet seldom visited temples, Pura Geger.,Doing internet research later, Google says the temple’s exact age is unknown (but guessed it was several centuries) and worshippers honored gods of the sea with elaborate ceremonies every full and new moon. ,To reach it, we hike uphill on a hot asphalt road. At the summit we find a woman hiding in the shade behind her concession stand.,The entrance to Pura Geger has the same warning sign as all Bali temples: No entry without traditional dress and no menstruating women. Being respectful, I had purchased a sarong at the resort, but there is no comprehending the second regulation. As I wrap the sarong around me, some talkative Russians exit the gate.,Flaunting the rules, the two women and one man wear regular beach attire, but no one is around to scold them. Upon entering the eerily quiet space, the breeze buffeting the coast disappears. A tree with bent, bone-like branches grows out of the moss-covered brick floor shading the statues of unknown deities.,The tall white spire we spied from the beach is part of another section isolated behind a locked gate. Also guarding this space are three dark towering spires with carved wooden doors.,The doors have golden fabric draped above and the deities guarding entry have tasseled silk umbrellas protecting them from the sun. Looking west, the Geger cliffs disappear to the distant beaches of Pandawa. The empty Indian Ocean expands to the southern horizon.,I exit the temple where my husband waits in the shade with some stray dogs. Parched, we purchase Coca-Colas from the woman’s stand before returning to the Westin. It would be high tide when we get back, perfect for a cooling swim.,Ready to see the natural and historic beauty of Nusa Dua? Start your trip planning with more hotel and VRBO options, local restaurants and more with Tripadvisor and Travelocity. Then book your plane, trains and ground transportation all at once with the trusted Omio Travel Partner.,Author Bio: A member of the North American Travel Journalists’ Association, Carrie Dow is a freelance travel writer based in Lakewood, CO, whose work has appeared in International Living, Go Nomad and Interval World. She is the Local Editor of DrinkDenver, a part of The Drink Nation, a website devoted to finding the best happy hours in cities across the US. She is also the founder of What’s Pawsitive, a website covering animal welfare issues and animal-based travel around the world. An occasional football widow, she is mom to a Siberian husky and a Siamese cat.,Want to try living like a Buddhist monk for a day? Consider experiencing the wonders of a temple stay in South Korea.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Have you ever tried living like a Buddhist monk for a day? That’s probably not a thought that would cross your mind.,In South Korea, it’s easy to get intrigued by the beauty of temple architecture and the serene landscape surrounding it.,There are around 900 traditional Buddhist temples throughout the country. Joygesa is a masterpiece smack dab in the middle of Seoul to Yonggunsa, which sits on a cliff overlooking the mountains. No matter which temple you go to, big or small, you’ll always be in awe of ancient history. ,Booking a temple stay is simple. If you visit this link, you can translate the site into English, then explore various temples by city or province.,Once you choose your location, some options will pop up depending on what kind of stay you’re looking for. If you want to do an experiential stay, you get to experience the life of a monk. You can also do a free stay if you want to relax for the weekend. ,The price depends on the package you choose. For the experiential stay, you are looking to pay 80,000KRW ($65) for the program. It includes accommodations, food, and activities. For the free stay, it’s around 60,000KRW ($55).,When you reach the payment screen, I suggest you pay in cash because sometimes it won’t take a card. After your booking is complete, you will get a confirmation email. Keep the confirmation as booking proof. ,There are hundreds of options for a temple stay in South Korea. However, this will be about Jikjisa Temple in Gimcheon.,Let me start by saying that you need to be pretty open-minded to do something like this, especially when you’re staying at a sacred site.,The whole program is in Korean, but there should be a foreign tour guide that will help you with everything at the temple. They also translate what the monks say about Buddhism and the rituals.,When you arrive and check in at the temple, a guide will give you a briefing about the temple rules, such as mealtime, bedtime, and uniforms. You will also get to see your accommodation, a traditional hanok.,The first activity for the program was a tour of the temple. The guide explained the symbolism behind the intricately painted temples.,Many of the murals depict people being punished for deadly sins like stealing, adultery, and so on. You will also get to learn the history of the temple. ,The diet of a Buddhist monk is very healthy. They eat vegetarian and lactose-free foods. Especially in Korea, you can expect these meals to include rice, kimchi, other vegetable side dishes, and soup. Be on time for dinner because the food runs out quickly.,Another pro-tip for dinner is to finish every bit of your soup. You will use your soup bowl for drinking water.,This is a bowing practice done by monks before they meditate or teach. The purpose of this bowing is to take away from the wandering mind and snap you back into the present. ,Buddhist believe that there are 108 compartments in the mind. These compartments can lead to thoughts like desire, anger, laziness, and whatever else you might think of.,The point of doing 108 bows is to touch every part of the mind and revert it to the present thoughts. More importantly, it’s a way to humble oneself. ,The chanting during the prayer was in Korean. If you don’t speak Korea, no problem, it’s easy to follow what everyone else does. What’s important here is to be mindful of your surroundings and the silence that wraps around you like a blanket. ,So, to help you count the 108 prostrations, you use prayer beads. This activity wasn’t just about physically threading the beads.,Each bead symbolized 108 affirmations. For every number, you thread a bead, and then take a bow until you have 108 beads in total. ,After breakfast, the participants can enjoy a serene and scenic walking trail to the top of the mountain. It offers a breathtaking view of the valley landscape below from a pagoda.,This was about focusing on how we are walking and decluttering the mind. Taking a walk through the crisp, foggy mountain air at 4 am is more clarity than you can ask for. ,Enjoy East Asia’s more minimalized version of afternoon tea, called Dado. You sit on a pillow with a tray that includes teacups and a plate of nuts and berries. The monk will prepare the earthy-tasting tea blend, and you will serve it yourself. ,During this time, the monk gave a background on Buddhism as a religion. Then, he went into depth on his life story and what exactly brought him to a life of solitude at a temple in the mountains. He’ll also answer questions or curiosities you have about temple life.,The experiential program is almost like living in another universe. For the rest of the world, it’s constantly a rise and grind, fast-paced culture, especially in South Korea. You live in a pali-pali culture (Korean for “hurry”).,At the temple, there were a few moments of enlightenment. The first was during the 108 prostrations. You’re around people who don’t speak the same language and were raised in a completely different culture. Yet, everyone comes together and practices sacred rituals.,The second moment was during the tea ceremony. All participants sat silently on pillows as the tea was poured from the kettle. You could hear the sea of insects singing a tune from the open windows. The trees sway outside, allowing a gentle breeze to flow inside. It was a moment of unexplainable peace.,There was something so precious about being away from the noise of everyday life. Something as simple as watching the sunrise through the trees. We live in a world where being fast and productive is always rewarded. Those monks just decided that it wasn’t for them. ,Achieving that sense of calm takes a lot of practice, and the great thing is that you learn how to keep that balance. The monks touch on topics of meditation, which I know isn’t for everyone, but it’s worth giving it a shot. ,Traveling is putting yourself in someone else’s shoes. It’s about experiencing how other people live, what they eat, and their values. It’s surreal doing the Buddhist rituals. You sit there and think to yourself, “How did I end up here?”,It is incredible being welcomed into a sacred space with zero background knowledge. As long as you go into this temple, stay with an open heart, open mind, curiosity, and willingness to learn. They will appreciate that.,Author’s Bio: Michaela Cricchio is an English teacher and travel writer. She has worked in countries like South Korea and Thailand while documenting her journey on Instagram. You will probably find her sipping on a specialty latte at a local coffee shop.,Biking through this remote part of Ireland is like pedaling through history.,On even the best of days the waters between western Ireland and its offshore islands can be temperamental.,But on this particular windy spring afternoon my ferry ride to Inishmore was the equivalent of spending a couple of hours on an old-fashioned wooden roller coaster.,“Don’t worry, it’ll be more than worth it,” the boat captain assures me as I lay my head back, wishing I hadn’t had that extra Guinness the night before. It didn’t take very long once we hit land to realize that he was spot on.,Far removed from the east coast hustle and bustle of Dublin and the political problems that have plagued Northern Ireland, the Aran Islands are peaceful retreats characterized by treeless horizons, towering cliffs and an assortment of archaeological wonders.,They also appear to be in no rush to catch up to the modern world. After all, there aren’t too many places left where a horse and carriage is still the main form of transportation.,The boat disembarked at the small town of Kilronan. I had often read that Kilronan had sold its soul to the devil and given in to the wickedness of tourism.,If you call a small tourist office, a few guys clambering to take you on island tours and a bank with no ATM as “selling-out,” then I’d hate to see what these authors would say about Niagara Falls.,Tourists are not able to take cars to the Aran Islands, which means getting around is limited to four options: a small tour van — no thanks, too quick; horse-and-cart. ,I’d rather not spend a day looking at a horse’s backside; foot — at 10 miles long, not the best option to see everything Inishmore has to offer; or bike — bingo!,On a sunny day, Inishmore is awash in a sea of cycling tourists taking in the ancient island at a pace that suits its demeanor.,And with one main road running the length of the island, navigation is a cinch.,As I pedal my way west under a cloudless sky, I quietly wonder whether a bunch of clumsy foreign cyclists such as yours truly drive the residents mad as they attempt to get around and perform their daily duties.,But just then, I come across a local driver who stops to help a fallen rider, after which he hands her a bottle of water and an apple. Would that happen on the streets of downtown L.A.?,Isolation permitted the residents to maintain a time-honored lifestyle well into the 20th century.,The rugged islanders, immortalized in John Millington Synge’s play Riders to the Sea and Robert Flaherty’s film Man of Aran, maintain their hardscrabble life.,Even today, most of the island’s 900 or so inhabitants live in stone houses and speak Irish among themselves, politely breaking into English to make their guests feel welcome.,Pastoral settings with grazing horses and sheep, and warm-hearted locals are a respite from the fast-paced modern world.,Almost immediately after I leave Kilronan, the landscape is dominated by stone walls and boulders enclosing hundreds of small fields like frames around artwork.,And in true Irish fashion, these meadows are at least 40 different shades of green.,Thatch-roofed stone cottages strung along the road provide a great example of Celtic and early Christian heritage, and give me the impression that I’ve traveled back in time.,That is until a guy whizzes by me on his bike wearing loafers and bellowing into his cell phone.,While Inishmore is bursting at the seams with archaeological ruins, giving your neck a serious workout as you ride along, the biggest jaw-dropper of all is Dún Aengus, a semicircular stone-walled space that ends dramatically at a cliff some 300 feet (100 m) above the tumultuous Atlantic surf.,I have an overwhelming urge to do the touristy thing by getting down on all fours to take a peek over the sheer cliff edge.,A local informs me that, with no guard rails and strong winds at this spot, some tourists have not returned home from their visit.,One item for sure not going home was the hat of the Dane beside me, as he watched it slowly make its way down to the rocks below. “Look at that hat head,” his girlfriend kindly points out, pouring salt on the wound.,Dating back more than 2,000 years, Dún Aengus is made up of four semicircular stone walls (presumably these were circular originally, but they collapsed as the cliffs eroded) and a central stone slab.,The walls cover an area of approximately 14 acres (5.7 hectares).,Between the third and the outermost wall, several thousand jagged stones were set in the ground at angles to serve as ancient barbed wire, making passage through this area very difficult for would-be attackers. Now they’re just obstacles for ungainly camera-toting tourists.,While there’s little doubt regarding the historical significance of Dún Aengus, what exactly that is, is up for debate. Who built and used this Iron Age structure?,Why here, with no water supply? Some historians question its use as a fort, arguing that it was used as a pagan religious center. With such a splendid setting, this is a much more romantic thought, as opposed to a hub for bloodshed.,Whomever it may have played host to in years past, on this day Dún Aengus is taken over by a group of Brazilian visitors posing for a provocative photo shoot, leaving me to ponder who had it harder:,the poor guys who were forced to lug all these rocks into place or the South American girls braving the cold Irish wind wearing micro shorts?,Back on my two-wheel cruiser, I set course for the island’s best-known church ruin, Na Seacht dTeampaill, also known as The Seven Churches, which are believed to have been constructed between the 8th and 15th centuries A.D.,While indeed there may well have been seven churches originally, to my discerning eye it appears that only two stone structures have survived the harsh north Atlantic weather.,No matter, as this is one great place for poking around. As luck would have it, I have the whole area to myself, giving me plenty of opportunities to photograph the intricate stone work.,Stone crosses mark an ancient graveyard outside one of the structures. The current theory is that I’m standing on ancient slabs commemorating seven Romans who died here.,With the late afternoon sun beating down, I leave the ancient world behind and hit the fine beach at Kilmurvey, about 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Kilronan.,Inishmore might be known for the currach, a traditional fishing boat, as well as for its ivory-colored hand-knit Aran sweaters and many impressive archaeological sites.,But this beautiful stretch of sand tucked away in Kilmurvey Bay is a slice of heaven with a fabulous view of the Connemara Mountains on the northern horizon.,On such a splendid day (yes, despite being in Ireland, the big yellow orb does make frequent appearances) the only occupants on Kilmurvey’s beach this afternoon are two children building sand castles, while the island’s historical delights keep the tourists occupied.,After a day of fort and church hopping, it’s time to take part in the great Irish pastime, listening to live music with a pint of Guinness in hand. In Ireland, a good pub is never far away.,At Joe Watty’s bar on the outskirts of Kilronan, you can expect the very best traditional Irish jam sessions, both vocal and instrumental, according to the bartender.,On this occasion, three musicians are doing their part to rev up the patrons with a seemingly endless melody that befits Inishmore — subtle, yet full of energy.,May, June and September are excellent times to visit, with fewer crowds and fairly stable weather.,Transportation,Aran Island Ferries (www.aranislandferries.com) operates year-round ferry service to Inishmore from Rossaveal. Aran Cycle Hire, in Kilronan, has plenty of bikes that can be hired for about €10 a day.,Lodging,Kilmurvey House (www.kilmurveyhouse.com) is an 18th century stone accommodation located only a stone’s throw from Kilmurvey’s beautiful beach. A double room is €80 per night.,Aran Islands Tourism
www.visitaranislands.com,Tourism Ireland
www.tourismireland.com,It took more than 30 years to get there, but Albania’s friendly people and archaeological sites made it a country worth visiting.,On a recent trip to Albania, I found the Albanian people among the friendliest, most helpful and kindest people on the planet:,The former Albanian ambassador to the United Nations, dressed in a spiffy white fedora, white vest and black silk shirt, walked us to the hotel we couldn’t find in Tirana.,A kindly grandmother ushered me onto the correct bus in the capital of Tirana, and kissed me goodbye when I got off a few hours further south, in Berat.,The bus driver on my trip along Albania’s Adriatic coast, from Vlora to Saranda, helped me find an immaculate hotel at half the price of the one I’d picked, and called the owner, who came to fetch me and my mass of luggage, no charge.,It had taken me more than 30 years of trying to get into Albania before I succeeded.,This Balkan country sits on the coast where the Adriatic and Ionian seas meet, just across from the boot heel of Italy.,I first applied for a visa in 1972, but Comrade Enver Hoxha, Albania’s communist chief of state from 1944 to 1985, gave me a pass, stolidly ignoring my written requests for a visa.,That year I had to take a detour and drove around Albania. On a trip to Greece in 1997 I considered a visit to Albania.,But it had been plunged into anarchy after an epidemic of collapsed pyramid investment schemes that took the life savings of many Albanians.,Many cities were controlled by Kalashnikov-wielding militia, and thousands of Albanians had fled to neighboring countries while an international force made up of eight European nations helped to restore order. So I gave it a miss.,But perseverance brings reward, because on a 2006 visit I finally made it across Albania’s border.,Maybe the sincere friendliness I encountered has something to do with Albania’s turbulent history as the North Korea of the 20th century, isolated and alone, first spurning Yugoslavia, then Russia, and finally China, as too liberal. (Imagine Stalin and Mao as too liberal.),Hoxha was paranoid of a capitalist invasion, and had more than a half-million ugly two-man bunkers built to protect his soldiers in a potential guerilla war.,These mushroom-like defenses required several tons of concrete each, possibly enough for pavement to stretch from the earth to the moon.,The concrete-mushroom bunker caper was sufficient by itself to grind the country into poverty, diverting all money from roads whose potholes could have seemingly swallowed dump trucks.,But except for a few minor stretches around Tirana, most potholes have now been fixed.,The country’s poverty is reflected in the many cars — well over half of them Mercedes — on blocks being parted out along the 50 miles (80.5 km) of highway from the northern city of Shkodra to the capital of Tirana.,Only in Albania can you find more Mercedes Benz parked in front of a grocery store than at a dealership.,Many cars now in Albania were stolen from across Europe in the mid ’90s to compensate for the lack of cars here.,There were only a few thousand cars in a country of roughly 3.5 million that had been stuck for more than 40 years under the thumb of brutal Stalinist ruler Enver Hoxha.,I encountered few tourists on my visit, yet I’m sure that when tourists finally realize Albania is a European country with unspoiled beaches remarkably similar to its neighbor, Greece, they’ll come.,The south half of Albania has secluded beaches, high mountains chopped by gurgling streams, and age-old ruins such as at Butrint, a UNESCO World Heritage site across from the Greek island of Corfu.,Before Butrint was constructed, local landholder Titus Pomponius Atticus pleaded with orator Cicero to lobby Julius Caesar to forget about locating a Roman colony near his estate.,Because it’d bollix the land values of the “quietest, coolest, most pleasant place in the world.” Caesar did end up building a colony there, in 44 B.C.,Butrint harbors some of the most extensive archaeological remains in the Balkans: Greek, Illyrian, Roman, Venetian and Ottoman ruins co-exist here on a tiny green peninsula between a lake and the Straits of Corfu.,The sprawling fortress is practically surrounded by water, the castle on top housing an excellent museum, high above hollow shells of the ages. At Butrint the only tourists I saw were day-trippers from Corfu.,The citadel of Rozafat dominates the southern horizon of the country, where the trade routes from the Danube River and the Aegean Sea converged.,Shkodra, surrounded by snowy mountains on the shores of Lake Scutari, is the country’s northernmost city. Shkodra’s orthodox church and mosque are photogenic.,Farther south, the capital Tirana has numerous restaurants and broad boulevards, yet there were few tourists on my visit. My favorite place to visit in Tirana was the Marubi photo exhibition.,Classical shots taken in the late 19th and early 20th centuries captured the personalities of Turkish Pashas, mountain men and rugged Albanians of all persuasions.,I stayed at Qendra Stefan (Stephen Center), a combination restaurant and hostel that is one of the only wireless hotspots in the country.,Only single and separate beds are available because the facility is run by American missionaries.,It was frequented by pairs of Mormons in white shirts and ties, and families watching the World Cup while their men quaffed non-alcoholic beer.,The Internet is free for the price of dining from an excellent menu with slightly inflated prices, or a liter of French-press coffee for US$ 1.80 with enough caffeine to fly you through the roof.,High above the Tirana dust a mere 20 miles (32 km) away, cooled by mountain airs and set off by a chunky citadel above a modern castle-cum-museum is the mountain village of Kruja.,The village is the hometown of the historic hero George Castriota, nicknamed Skanderbeg.,Skanderbeg (c. 1404-1468) — often depicted wearing a helmet decorated with a goat’s-head sculpture with impressive horns — repulsed 13 Turkish invasions, earning himself the title captain general of the Holy See, bestowed by Pope Calixtus III.,Many Albanian city squares feature a bronze statue of Skanderbeg astride his valiant steed.,Ten years after Skanderbeg’s death, in 1468, the fourth siege of Kruja proved successful to the Turks. Following the collapse, Albania remained part of the Ottoman Empire until 1912.,Berat is Albania’s second museum town, so-called because it was spared, along with Hoxha’s birthplace of Gjirokastër, from the widespread razing of churches, mosques and historic sites in the former proletarian Albania.,Above Berat is a mountaintop fortress rebuilt by the Byzantines in the 13th century, with a view over the broad valley, serpentine river and snow-capped peaks.,Berat has several old churches and a 15th century mosque — incongruous relics among the hilltop population of more than 45,000 people.,Understanding the locals was my biggest hurdle during my visit.,My guide told a torrid tale of repeated invasions by barbaric tribes and Bulgarian conquerors that was probably warped in the telling by weak translation abilities.,And I witlessly clung to the mistaken belief that shaking the head from side to side meant “no,” when in Albania it means “yes.” Thus I thought the hotel full, when it invariably offered many rooms.,I experienced the same lack of comprehension when attempting to negotiate the ordering of coffee, breakfast and other daily necessities.,So when shaking one’s head side to side in Albania, remember, it means YES.,Albania Tourism,www.albaniantourism.com, ,Get ready to be transported back in time during a Great Spirit Circle Trail tour on Manitoulin Island in northeastern Ontario, Canada.,Get ready to be transported back in time to a different era when you take a trip to Manitoulin Island in northeastern Ontario, Canada. One of the largest freshwater islands on the planet, Manitoulin Island sits in the middle of Lake Huron and is connected to the Ontario mainland by a one-lane swinging bridge.,Spend a few days exploring this wild and remote wilderness with a Great Spirit Circle Trail tour. The company runs a number of Aboriginal led guided tours that are natural and cultural in genre.,“The Great Spirit Trail represents the seven First Nations in and around Manitoulin Island,” says Great Spirit Circle Trail lead tour guide and cultural coordinator Falcon. “The soft adventure, ecotourism guided tours we offer are culturally inclined or also known as Aboriginal experiences. You learn a little bit about First Nations culture, spirituality, how we lived hundreds of years ago, how we live in today’s modern day society and how we hold on to some of those traditional teachings and values for the future of our younger ones.”,The tour I embarked on with Great Spirit Circle Trail took place over two days, but the highlight was the Medicine Walk. On this experience, I learned all about the natural medicines found on this special island.,“There’s a huge variety of flora and fauna,” Falcon says. We use it for a variety of different instances. Sometimes for practical uses sometimes for medicinal purposes, spiritual or physical and edible as well. So when we’re out in the wilderness, we show you one of the trees that fall under all four of the headings, which is the cedar. It’s very important to our indigenous people around here.”,As we walk, Falcon tells me more about cedar, which is used by his people for spiritual purification and also in a medicinal tea. Then he continues on to using the inside of a milkweed pod to start fires. I am fascinated hearing these stories that portray a life so different from how I grew up.,Another popular Great Spirit Circle Trail adventure is called Make and Take Experiences. On these you are taught actual skills like how to make fire without matches or lighters or how to make a drum, which is what I chose to experience. After you learn to make the hand drum, you take a lesson in native song and drum and then get to watch a professional drumming performance.,Other experiences offered include the Canoe Heritage Tour, which took me across Lake Mindemoya at sunset to a picnic spot where Falcon served me fresh smoked trout with bannock and berries. We then paddled back under the light of a million stars, which was magical.,Speaking of bannock and berries, you can also learn to make this small, flat loaf of bred cooked in a skillet over an open grate fire, on a different experience. The recipe uses just five ingredients: flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and a mix of milk and water.,After mixing, you knead the mixture into a dough like consistency and put it into a cast iron skillet with another one placed on top to create a Dutch oven. Like with other experiences, you’ll hear about the historical backstory for what you are doing.,Overall, if you’re looking for a unique “back in time” experience in Ontario, check out Great Spirit Trail for authentic adventure on Manitoulin Island.,Where to Stay: The Manitoulin Hotel is convenient to the Great Spirit Trail and is just a 20-minute drive from Little Current, which has a quaint downtown on the lake. The rooms feature modern decor and are comfy and tidy. I recommend dining at the onsite restaurant that offers a filling breakfast before you set out for the day.,Author Bio: Living across Europe and South America unlocked Carri’s passion for traveling. Never shying away from a new adventure whether swimming with the pigs in the Bahamas, bird watching in the Galapagos or Heli-Hiking in British Columbia, you never know where you will catch Carri next. She resides in Colorado between freelance trips with her husband and son where they enjoy hiking, mountain biking and skiing.,Discover a piece of history at the fortress of Castillo San Felipe de Barajas.,Try to imagine dozens of treasure galleons slicing their way across the Atlantic to Spain, their cargo holds packed with gold, silver, tobacco, cacao (chocolate) beans and chile peppers from the mines and plantations of the New World.,Sailing under the fiery red cross of the Holy Roman Empire, some of the ships’ voyages began at the Colombian port of Cartagena, where they left in convoys to ward off pirates. At Havana, they joined convoys of other galleons from the Mexican port of Veracruz, doubling their firepower before crossing the central Caribbean’s brigand-packed waters on the last leg of their trip to Spain.,The shipments started in the 1560s and went on once or twice a year for more than two centuries. Early on, Cartagena – brimming over with profits from the shipping business but with virtually no defenses – was a sitting duck for the pirates. The Jolly Rogers of Sir Francis Drake, John Hawkins, Henry Morgan and their chums were no strangers to the city’s inviting bay.,Cartagena was likely the most plundered port in the New World until Spain got its act together to defend the city. The fix was to circle Cartagena with a seven-mile-long wall studded with gun turrets backed up by forts in key locations. The tab was the equivalent of a whopping 2 trillion bucks in today’s U.S. dollars. Yes, 2 trillion – about the cost of 100 U.S. aircraft carriers!,It’s hard to miss the monster fortress of Castillo San Felipe de Barajas towering over the city atop a 130-foot-high hill. Originally built in the mid-1600s, the crown jewel of the defense network was rebuilt and enlarged several times over the years to become the greatest fortress Spain ever built in its colonies.,English Admiral Edward “Old Grog” Vernon, fresh from a victory at another Spanish port at Portobelo, Panama, found out how tough the Cartagena fortress was when he tried to capture the city in 1741. It’s said Old Grog “darkened the sea” with an invasion fleet of 186 ships, their 2,000 cannons blasting away at the fort as his army of 23,000 Brits tried over and over to scale its walls. But Castillo San Felipe – defended by just 3,000 Spanish troops and six ships – stood off a month-long siege. The fort proved to be impregnable.,The Spanish victory at Cartagena was one of the greatest defeats of the Royal Navy. Also red-faced after the battle were 4,000 American colonists from Virginia who fought for Admiral Vernon under the command of Lawrence Washington, half-brother of George Washington.,Looking much like a mountain of concrete, the fortress is in remarkably good shape. Visitors rub elbows with thousands of other tourists climbing its walkways (it takes about 15 minutes to get to the top), scampering around its bunkers, batteries and tunnels and posing for pictures on its cannons. From the highest level it’s easy to see how sharp-eyed Spanish gunners could blast enemy ships down in the bay, and in another direction pick off soldiers trying to attack the fortress on foot.,Another eye-popping view from the top of the fortress is a panorama of this city of a million or so people. In one section you’ll spot modern high-rise condos, in another the domes and soaring crosses of historic churches, and in another rows of glassy office buildings.,Andalusia in Colombia,Down on the ground, visitors to Cartagena are invited to take a trip back to its colonial elegance by wandering around “Old Town” behind the city walls. You’ll stroll through cobbled lanes lined with buildings painted in pastel blues, greens, yellows, reds, pinks and browns, many of them the mansions of shipping barons and bankers in the years of the treasure fleets.,Adding to the Andalusian fantasy of Old Town’s seemingly endless blocks are elaborately decorated arched doorways and balconies with flowers poking through iron railings and lattices. You’ll saunter by charming al fresco restaurants, all kinds of bars, museums, churches, convents and statues of Colombian heroes. And don’t miss a look at the dark side of old-world Spain in the Palace of the Inquisition.,Need a rest? You’re welcome to join the local folks snoozing or chatting on benches around the area’s magnificent squares and parks while musicians, jugglers, clowns, mimes and the like pass by, hoping to earn tips of a few pesos.,Staying there: Cartagena offers better than 90 tourist-class hotels in and around the city.,If You Go,Proexport (Colombia’s tourism, foreign investment and export promotion agency) www.proexport.com.co.,Even after his death, Martin Luther King Jr. continues to inspire the generations. Explore MLK’s history on a tour of Atlanta, Georgia.,When John Wesley Dobbs, who “coined” the name for Sweet Auburn, the predominantly African-American neighborhood in Atlanta, Georgia, made his last public appearance in front of the department store Rich’s, he chastised the mild, lenient approach that the store had taken against racial discriminatory policies.,It was a microcosmic reflection of Atlanta, a city that was often portrayed as intensity-lacking compared to other towns when it came to Civil Rights protests.,“Already cities like St. Louis, Missouri; Louisville, Kentucky; Nashville, Tennessee; Durham, North Carolina; and Tampa, Florida, have done something about this condition. You continue to do nothing about it,” said Dobbs, as chronicled in the book Where Peachtree Meets Sweet Auburn, by Gary Pomerantz.,The book relates the story of two of Atlanta’s most influential families, the Allens, of Ivan Allen Jr. a white, wealthy family who descended from slave owners, and the Dobbses, of John Wesley Dobbs and Maynard Jackson, Jr., who were African American and descended from slaves.,Among these narratives, we can find, interwoven, the journey of Martin Luther King, Jr.―Atlanta’s prodigal son.,As many people in the nation succumb to discourses plagued with fear, threat and divisiveness, the relevance of MLK’s movement was never more evident, and so, in our trip to Atlanta, my girlfriend and I decided to visit some of the places where MLK got his bearings—the places that forged the man who then forged the conscience of a nation and beyond—a symbol of love, liberty and hope,Since MLK’s days, Atlanta has transformed itself into a booming hub. It is known as the de facto capital of the South, and one of the main business centers in the nation, home to Coca-Cola, CNN, The Home Depot and many other iconic brands. Its airport, Jackson Hartsfield International, is the busiest in the world.,So how did this transformation happen?,“Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.” – Martin Luther King, Jr.  ,From our temporary home base at the Crowne Plaza Atlanta Airport Hotel (now Sonesta), we took the MARTA Gold Line until we reached the Peachtree Center station, where we planned to stroll to Centennial Olympic Park. The Olympics were lauded as the ultimate prize for Atlanta’s successful integration as a city—they catapulted Atlanta to international prominence.,And, as we were making our walk down Marietta Street in Fairlie-Poplar, and gradually entering the square of the Olympic Park, we were approached by a man who, by the appearance of his clothes, looked to be one of the many homeless people that wanders the area.,Of course, as it usually happens if we have the willingness to open our minds and our hearts—especially while traveling—life is full of surprises, and there is much more to a person than his or her surface.,The man, of whom I wish to still remember his name, started reciting a beautiful poem to us. He blended words with the utmost tenderness, and his lines reflected on the Moon, hope and concluded paying a tribute to love.,I could not help but wonder. What would have been if we had reacted through fear? What if we had reacted according to the traditional script of society—to shun away people like him—instead of allowing for a wonderful moment of connection between strangers?,This is one of the marvels of traveling. Because we have, perhaps, a more open heart, we allow ourselves to see the humanness of everyone. We allow for encounters that maybe we would not allow in the confines of our comfort zone—when we are caught in the humdrum of our routines.,The challenge is to live our daily life with the attitude of a traveler. Every day can be full of wonder. Every person is valuable and someone we can learn from.,That evening, the spectacle of the Fountain of Rings was special. It is needless to say that MLK was right.,Not too far from the crowds of Centennial Olympic Park, you can find the neighborhood of Vine City, where, at the red-brick home in 234 Sunset Ave., the former house of Martin Luther King, Jr. is located.,This was his last home, the home where his late wife Coretta Scott King received the call that informed her that her husband had been shot in Memphis.,It is important to note that the interior of the property is not open to the public, and, while the residence from the outside looks completely low-key and is in a regularly quiet zone, certain organizations take groups on tours to the surroundings.,There has also been interest from the National Park Service, among other institutions, to make the residence part of the King Historic District, which mostly encircles Sweet Auburn.,A few steps, and within Vine City, we can take a lunch break at the Busy Bee, a hearty, classic Southern meat-and-three that has been open since 1947.,Here, you can sample soul food, quintessential Southern dishes such as fried chicken, waffles, cornbread and others, and it is no surprise that MLK was a frequent guest, as were some of his associates who would join him to plan the next steps of the movement.,Now, The Busy Bee has become a popular hangout for students, who flock from the nearby Morehouse College, Spelman College and Clark Atlanta University to gather at the place of choice of Atlanta’s hero.,Morehouse College, indeed, was where Martin Luther King completed his Undergraduate program, and it is noteworthy to say that he entered at the tender age of fifteen, after bypassing his High School senior year.,At the Robert W. Woodruff Library on campus, you can explore the Archives Research Center, which includes the King Family Archive—highlighting over ten thousand items, from handwritten notes and letters that he addressed to other prominent figures in the civil rights movement.,Morehouse, Spelman and Atlanta Clark were created, back in the day, for the African American community, and they are another monument to the pursuit of equality and inclusion.,Following the place where MLK lived during his final years, we decided to head towards The King Center—The Center for Nonviolent Social Change.,If you are not familiar with the Civil Rights Movement, and with the life and work of Martin Luther King, I highly recommend that you make this your first stop. Even if you are familiar with his work, it is worth the visit.,From our first step in, we could feel the energy of peace, and love; it is truly the embodiment of all the values that MLK promoted throughout his journey—nonviolence and open hearts.,Among the first things you will discover here are the tombs of MLK and his wife, Coretta Scott King, which, as The King Center site states, “are constructed of Georgia marble, a timeless acknowledgment of his southern roots.”,The tombs are placed in the middle of a pool, and there is another reflecting pool with steps, with each step reading a part of the following quote:,“We will not be satisfied until justice rolls down like water, and righteousness like a mighty stream.” – Martin Luther King, Jr.,This quote can be further personified with the Eternal Flame, symbolizing the dream of MLK’s version of the world: a place that had justice, love and prosperity for all of humankind.,To understand more of this vision, you can walk around the different exhibits, which showcase videos of his speeches, photos of memorable meetings, recollections of essays, and many other memorabilia to help visitors become more acquainted with the path of Civil Rights and freedom.,The King Center is part of a larger complex called the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park, a beautiful space of greenery adorned with the World Peace Rose Garden, which brings to life King’s idealized version of a world of peace for everyone.,It is located on the edge of Peace Plaza. As we stroll, we find the International Civil Rights Walk of Fame, which has among its inductees Ivan Allen Jr., a prominent White mayor who was a major advocate of Civil Rights for all and a friend of King, President Jimmy Carter, Rosa Parks, Rev. Ralph David Abernathy, who was King’s successor at the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, former baseball player Hank Aaron and actor Sidney Poitier, among others.,Also, part of what is called the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park is the house where he was born.,At that point in time—January 15, 1929—the dwelling at 501 Auburn Ave. was where his maternal grandparents lived. It is a two-story house with an attic and a yellowish exterior. There are tours that you can participate in, albeit limited, and they can be booked at the Visitor Center nearby.,Unfortunately, we were not able to participate in one, but, as admirers of MLK’s legacy, it was a privilege to be able to bear witness the place where it all started.,Every man has many beginnings. We are born, and then we are born again when we find our mission, and again, when we engage in something life-changing, with which we transform the lives of others.,Another critical point in that journey for MLK is the Ebenezer Baptist Church, a brisk four-minute walk from King’s birth home and where not only he was a pastor, but his father was a pastor, and his grandfather had been a pastor.,Here was the place where MLK gave some of his most inspiring speeches, like, “The American Dream:”,“I still have a dream this morning (Amen) that truth will reign supreme and all of God’s children will respect the dignity and worth of human personality. And when this day comes the morning stars will sing together (Yes) and the sons of God will shout for joy.” And, “The Drum Major Instinct:”,“If any of you are around when I have to meet my day, I don’t want a long funeral. And if you get somebody to deliver the eulogy, tell them not to talk too long. (Yes). And every now and then I wonder what I want them to say.,Tell them not to mention that I have a Nobel Peace Prize—that isn’t important. Tell them not to mention that I have three or four hundred other awards—that’s not important. I’d like somebody to mention that day that Martin Luther King, Jr. tried to give his life serving others (Yes), I’d like for somebody to say that day that Martin Luther King, Jr., tried to love somebody…”,In this sacred house, King lit the hearts and souls of congregants with his words.,When you enter, regardless of whatever religion you profess, if any, you can feel that energy. They say that places have memory, that walls can speak, and that benches can remember. And they might never forget fear, but they will always remember love.,More famous speeches of Martin Luther King took place in Atlanta. For example, “Where Do We Go From Here,” which he delivered at the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and where he talked about the propositions that people like Andrew Yang and Elon Musk have proposed today, which is the guaranteed annual income (now referred to as Universal Basic Income) and reaffirmed his commitment to nonviolence.,Many others, like “A Knock at Midnight,” were delivered at the West Hunter Street Baptist Church, located in the West End, across Howell Park.,The pastor of the West Hunter Street Baptist Church was Rev. Ralph D. Abernathy, who co-led the bus boycott with King and was a close collaborator throughout his path. King was, thus, a frequent guest at the church, and, through Abernathy, a channel for his movement to continue.,Other places have not been able to withstand the test of time. However, that didn’t deter us from looking at the current place with new eyes.,After Dr. King received the Nobel Peace Prize, leaders of the Atlanta business community, like Robert Woodruff (then the President of Coca-Cola), organized what was Atlanta’s first biracial dinner from a publicly-led point of view at the Dinkler Plaza Hotel, located at 100 Forsyth Street (now a parking garage with a Dunkin’ Donuts).,It made me remember that famous line by Joni Mitchell, “They paved paradise and put down a parking lot.”,However, the place might be gone, but the memory continues.,After the Atlanta Race Riot of 1906, many African American-owned businesses began to flock to the city’s downtown due to tension and congregated around the area of Sweet Auburn.,Strolling around Auburn Avenue, we can see many of the historical buildings that remain from that era, before the city became the multicultural place that it is today.,For a bite, you can stop at the Sweet Auburn Curb Market, also known as the Municipal Market, which hails from 1918. There, you can find eateries, butchers, seafood, fresh produce and much more.,There is also the sight of the Atlanta Life Insurance Company Historic Building. This company was founded by Alonzo Herndon, who was a former slave and then made his way, first as a barber and gradually as a businessperson and eventually the largest African American property owner in Atlanta.,Nearby, you can also discover the Odd Fellows Building and Auditorium, which used to house the Georgia Grand United Order of Odd Fellows, a fraternity of mostly African American people, and which also used to house the offices of African American-owned businesses, to provide them with a safe haven given the intense discrimination they were suffering in the city.,In that same area, you can close the day at The Royal Peacock Club, which, back in the 1950s and the 1960s, was known as Atlanta’s “Club Beautiful,” and the place to be for the African American communities.,It was also the place where future stars would be discovered, a place where they could begin to shine. We could call it the Southern equivalent of the Troubadour—from West Hollywood to Sweet Auburn.,According to the Red Bull Music Academy, “Nat King Cole played there before he started singing; James Brown before he was the Godfather; Jimi before the shredding, Otis Redding before Stax; Marvin Gaye before Motown, Gladys Knight when she was still a Pip.”,Auburn Avenue was the place of dreams, the place where the African American community, then hugely marginalized, aspired to make the hopes of a better life real. And they often did.,There is no question that MLK’s values shaped the Atlanta that we see today. Of course, it is a place that still has a lot of work to do. Like most of the larger cities in the Western world, it has a growing homeless people population, who suffer from the poverty that results from overcrowding and the disparity resulting from uneven growth.,However, it was here that the seeds were sown for a larger movement. A movement of love, of hope, of peace and unity for all humankind.,It was here that a man called Martin Luther King answered the call to become a beacon for those values, and to remind everybody that crossed his way that they were worthy as human beings, regardless of anything else.,It was here that, through the work of King and many others, such as Ivan Allen Jr and Rev. Ralph Abernathy, the consciousness of racial tension has been, at least, partially healed.,In Atlanta, being the booming hub that it is, we see a lot of young people thriving when otherwise they would have no choice. We also see a lot of social ventures emerging to bridge the remaining gaps and build a more inclusive city.,As humans, we admire the work of MLK. As travelers and as world citizens, we would do well to follow his steps. And this trek might be of inspiration to do so.,Author Bio: Javier Ortega-Araiza is a lifelong traveler, adventurer, and storyteller, narrating his human experience. His journey has taken him to over thirty countries, has been a digital nomad for over ten years. But what truly matters to him are the connections made, the people met, and the wonderful stories that he has listened to as part of his travels. He is a published author in both English and Spanish, and beyond writing, he hosts a podcast, is an avid tennis player and coach, a social entrepreneur and investor, and a spiritual counselor, among many other things in between. You can learn more about him at joapublishing.medium.com ,Previously closed to visitors, Myanmar (formerly known as Burma) rewards travelers with an adventurous spirit.,It’s odd how a simple pair of worn out flip-flops, sitting on the rickety steps of a Burmese home, can suddenly look like a great photo op. Or maybe my brain is starting to melt from the blistering heat of the tropical sun. To me, the scruffy sandals are a snapshot of life in Southeast Asia, where shoes are removed nearly every place you go, leaving a constant film of dirt glued to your feet.,I crouch down on an angle in order to get a close up of the sandals with a silhouette of lanky palm trees and stilted homes in the background. Suddenly, the front door swings open. A man wearing a stained white tank-top and a traditional longhi peers down at me. He looks confused, obviously wondering why a tiny blonde girl is photographing his shoes. My face turns red. I can’t help but feel embarrassed.,“Hello! Where are you from?” he says enthusiastically with a toothy smile, displaying a mouth drenched in red Betel nut juice — a popular mild stimulant that’s been around for thousands of years in Southeast Asia. It looks like blood. I’m taken back.,“Canada,” I reply nervously, feeling like a twit. He nods with approval, and then invites me inside his quaint home located in one of the villages built on stilts along Inle Lake. It doesn’t take long before he reaches into a large plastic bag and pulls out a wooden tribal mask he claims to have made himself.,“No thanks,” I say, as he tries to sell it to me. My eyes dart around the tiny, cluttered room, noting a photo of Aung San Suu Kyi (leader of the National League for Democracy and Nobel Peace Prize recipient) and an old television set covered in dust in the corner. The man is eager to strike a deal, but I’m in no mood to purchase any souvenirs.,My face still red, I flash a polite smile and head towards the door. I’m eager to see what I’ll find around the next turn.,Located in the heart of the Shan Plateau in central Myanmar (formerly called Burma) is the lively and picturesque Inle Lake — a common destination for backpackers on a budget.,Dubbed the second largest lake in the country at 22 km and 11 km wide, some 70,000 Intha people live along its shores and on the lake itself. Most are devout Buddhists, who live in simple houses made of teak and bamboo that balance on stilts. It’s a peaceful world that begs to be explored. The best way to do this is by boat, which is what I did on a calm morning in mid-November.,The sun wrestled with low-lying gloomy clouds as my boat sped across the water that looked like glass in the soft morning light. Fishermen stand at the end of their long, narrow wooden boats, carefully stringing their nets into the water. Their reflections shimmer in the lake like satin rippling in the wind.,The rumbling of diesel-fueled motors, effortlessly pushing the canoe-like boats across the water, pierces the peaceful morning air. Instead of roads, the villagers use canals to get around their community. They are self-sufficient, making their own cheroot cigars, tools, lacquer ware, jewelry and hand-woven silk fabrics from lotus plant fibers produced in the lake. I can’t help but wonder what it’s like to live here. This place is worlds away from anything I’ve ever known.,“Everything they need is here,” said Sy, my guide for the morning. “For many of the people, this is all they know.”,Since the country is still developing as a tourist destination and I’m traveling solo, I signed up for a two-week tour with G Adventures to experience a taste of what Myanmar has to offer.,I wanted to travel here after watching a documentary that described Myanmar as a place like no other, a place that was lost in time. I knew about its troubled past and wanted to see for myself if it really was on the road towards democracy.,For nearly half a century, Myanmar was under military rule, becoming one of the world’s longest running military dictatorships. General Ne Win nationalized most of the industries and businesses, severely curtailing international tourism and trade. Visas were only granted for 24 hours, then eventually one week. Only certain books and magazines were allowed into the country, isolating Myanmar from the rest of the world and essentially crippling the economy.,It’s only in the past couple years that things have started to change due to the president’s plan for a “discipline flourishing democracy.” Conflict, however, continues to brew in some parts of the country where foreigners aren’t allowed to travel.,The number of tourists visiting Myanmar has now increased from about 200,000 a year to just under one million — still a far cry from neighboring Thailand’s estimated 21 million in 2012.,Foreigners are curious to experience what the country has to offer, but aren’t yet flocking here in mass crowds, which is refreshing for those looking to get off the beaten path. The locals are eager to interact with foreigners and see they haven’t been forgotten. It’s the people that truly make a trip here special.,“Are things good now, politic-wise?” I ask my young driver Chee. We’re in a van driving from the airport to my hotel in the former capital of Yangon. It’s the beginning of my trip. I am just as eager to interact with Chee as he is with me, but the language barrier proves to be a challenge.,“No. It’s about the same,” he shrugs, then tries his best to converse with me in the little English he knows. He tells me about sites the country has to offer with a smile glued across his face.,With approximately 500,000 monks living in Myanmar, it’s easy to see why the bulk of attractions are Buddhist religious sites and monuments, such as the famed Golden Rock I visited three days into my trip.,A rickety truck with a box packed full of people climbing up a steep narrow winding road was not my idea of a safe time. But it was the only way to see Golden Rock, so I threw my “safety first” thoughts aside and jump on board.,The truck moans and groans as it snakes its way up the side of the so-called mountain draped with bamboo and palm trees. It looks like scene from a jungle. All that’s missing are the monkeys swinging from the gangly trees. After a 45-minute ride along the bumpy road, we reach the “base camp” where we are given the option to hike the rest of the way.,“Okay, who wants to do the walk?” says our guide Shane. “All it takes is one person and I’ll walk with you. Do I have one person?”,A middle-aged man puts up his hand with much hesitation. I shoot mine up enthusiastically, eager for a physical challenge in my jetlagged haze.,Beads of sweat soon drip down my forehead, soaking my bangs in the humid heat. After a sluggish three-hour bus ride from Yangon, I am suddenly pulsing with energy. I’ve never felt more alive.,Teetering on the ledge of another rock on top of Kyahikthiyo Hill in the eastern Yoma Mountains was Golden Rock — the third most important Buddhist pilgrimage site in Myanmar after the Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon and the Mahamuni Pagoda in Mandalay.  According to legend, the boulder defies gravity by balancing on a hair of Buddha. The locals believe the rock was placed there 2,500 years ago with the help of nat spirits.,Covered in a thick layer of gold leaf, the mammoth gold nugget shimmers as the sun begins to set, bathing the surrounding hills in a pallet of soft pastels. The air is thick with incense. A low-pitched bell rumbles quietly in the distance. Locals sit on the ground and light candles to begin their prayers, their palms pressed together while bowing forward.,It’s a calm, peaceful atmosphere despite the crowds that swelter as darkness falls over the golden land. It’s a place where even I managed to find inner peace.,Author Bio: Pamela has been a journalist for 10 years, covering a variety of topics along the way for various newspapers and magazines. She currently works as a crime reporter, travel writer and editor for Sun Media, one of two major newspaper chains across Canada. Aside from being published daily in major Canadian newspapers, her work has also appeared in Outpost Magazine, Dreamscapes Magazine, More of Our Canada Magazine and a handful of online travel publications. More stories are available at www.pamelaroth.ca.,Adventure lovers find unequaled beauty – pastures, meadows, ice-capped peaks, glaciers and alpine lakes – in the Kashmir, or the “Alps of the East.”,With Covid-19 leading to lockdown in most of the cities across the globe, many people have been confined to their homes with little physical activity to do, leading to mental fatigue. ,While many have found this to be debilitating, such an experience is nothing new for the natives of this Himalayan region in the valley of Kashmir, administered by India partially, which often is in the international headlines for its months-long shutdowns and curfews against the Indian rule. The youth here often turn to the mountains.,Those who live in this bowl-shaped valley of Kashmir are surrounded by different mountain ranges, such as the Pir Panjal Range on the southwest and the main Himalayas range on the northeast. The valley also features highland pastures and meadows, high ice-capped peaks and semi-freezing ice-cold alpine lakes originating from the large glaciers. The untouched beauty is comparable to the Alps and can be enjoyed at half the cost of trekking to European destinations.,During this time of the pandemic, the easing up of lockdown has allowed hundreds of natives to head toward different highlands of the region for hiking and mountaineering. Hiking and trekking have become a favorite getaway for Kashmiris, especially during the past decade because of the establishment of many new private adventure clubs and groups.,There are hundreds of mountain passes and trekking options all across the valley, but among the most notable trails are Kishtwar-Kargil trek, which crosses through two different regions of Jammu and Ladakh, and another trekking route from Sonamarg to Kangan, which comprises the Great Lakes Trek.,Even though hundreds of trekkers take two to three-day brief expeditions mostly during the summer months, the above-mentioned trails stretch up to six-to-seven days, with hikers experiencing varied landscapes and multiple alpine lakes. There are trained guides available and trekking clubs that can help tourists with logistics.,These trails have generated a keen interest among the adventure lovers from the plains of India who come to the valley to take up these hikes. Foreign tourists are few in number, but the place and the people are hospitable and the warmth of the homes is always offered to any tourist.,Kishtwar is a mountainous high-altitude district in the southeast of the Kashmir valley and is located in the mountains between Kashmir and the sub-tropical Jammu region of the state. Most parts of the Kishtwar district are remote places with no or little road access.,The Kishtwar Kargil trail is popularly known as Kishtwar (Jammu Region) Panikhar (Ladakh Region) trek spanning 92 kilometers (57 miles) in length, along which lies an 18-kilometer-long (11-mile-long) glacier called  Sagar Nur glacier or Lonvilad Gali (Pass), which is the highlight of the trek.,This trail is completed in a minimum of six days by walking almost nine hours a day. The trek starts from Basmin village, which is the last stop for any kind of vehicular traffic, a dead-end from the Jammu side. ,From here, trekkers are engulfed with the enormous beauty of vast valleys with one of the largest and ferocious rivers, Chenab, flowing beside in the Warwan valley. There are several communities of tiny hamlets comprising 20-30 houses of Bakarwals (shepherds) a few kilometers apart, which can be accessed by foot only. This trek first leads to Sukhnai village, which is the first stop for any trekking group. ,The last stop on the Kishtwar side is Kanital valley, which is surrounded by lofty mountains at an altitude of around 12,000 feet, with the base of Sagar Nur glacier visible from here. ,The ascent and descent, which brings a trekker to Ladakh region finally, is completed in about nine hours minimum as the entire glacier is mostly to be treaded by walking over it in a zigzag pattern given the slippery surface, with hundreds of feet of snow buried under your feet.,Sagar Nur glacier is one of the main sources of the Chenab River on the Jammu side, irrigating thousands of villages and also providing clean water before entering into Pakistan, the neighboring country.,The trail finally leads to Panikhar village in Suru Valley in Ladakh, while the trail between Suru Valley and Warwan Valley in Kishtwar is one of the eight ancient trans-Himalayan traverses that connect the Ladakh Himalayas (Suru Valley) to Kashmir Himalayas and is also known as the salt route through which trans-Himalayan traders from Kashmir and Ladakh have passed for centuries.,This trek has a unique distinction of giving a rare opportunity to get a taste of both the stark beauty of Ladakh and the lush green valleys of Kashmir while crossing the 18-km-long (11 miles) glacier through Lonvilad Gali (Pass) as one enters the higher Himalayas from the lower Himalayas, with the trek ending in a beautiful valley of Deonar. The maximum altitude during this trek one can reach is 13,800 feet or 4,200 meters above sea level.,The other long trek in the Kashmir region which attracts not only locals but thousands of Indian and foreign trekkers is Kashmir Great Lakes Trek. It is one of the most beautiful treks in the Kashmir valley, with not only dozens of bluish alpine lakes but the high mountain passes like Gadsar and Zajibal that test your endurance.,This trek spans 74 kilometers (46 miles) from Sonamarg to Naran Nag in the Kangan area. The panoramic views, rugged mountains, lush green meadows, vast valleys and multiple alpine lakes are the highlights of this trek.,Gadsar pass, at an estimated elevation of about 4,206 meters (13,800 feet), is the highest point of this trek which overlooks two majestic lakes, Vishansar and Kishansar.,One is mesmerized viewing the pristine lakes nestled in the Gadsar valley, which are fed by huge glaciers. After completing the Gadsar trail, trekkers reach another valley, Satsar, where one can have a glimpse of seven different alpine lakes nestled in the mountains. All these valleys rise above 3,350 meters (11,000 feet),  with most of the trek above the tree line.,The last most-difficult pass one has to cross is the Zajibal pass at an altitude of 4,100 meters (13,450 feet). As one reaches the top of the pass, the entire view opens into the Gangbal valley, with Harmukh peak, some 5,142 meters (16,870 feet) above sea level, in the background,  the second-highest peak of the Kashmir valley.  Two vast, sparkling lakes, Gangbal and Nundkol, are settled under the foothills of Harmukh Peak. ,Author Bio: Shafat Mir is a multimedia journalist, based in the southern district of Anantnag (Islamabad) in the Indian-administered Kashmir and has been covering  happenings for several local English dailies besides having worked for an online community-based video news service for a large part of his career. He holds master’s degrees in mass communication and journalism from the Kashmir University and is an avid trekker and a nature lover who started hiking during his school days.  ,Keep up the good work,Excellent article . Thanks for covering one of the best places to trek in the world. The pics give a good context to the places and people you have covered. Hope to see much more such coverage from you.,Historically famous for its fishing industry, Avilés has re-established itself as an important cultural center in Spain. Here are six interesting sights to see on your trip.,The historic town of Avilés, perched on Spain’s northern coast between A Coruña to the west and Santander to the east, has not figured much on the tourist trail until recently. Historically famous for its fishing industry, the international port of Avilés in the region of Asturias has re-established itself as an important cultural center.,This is Celtic, not Mediterranean, Spain, and each July since 1997 Avilés has hosted the Interceltic Festival of Music and Arts inviting participants from Ireland, Wales, Cornwall and Brittany. A stopping-off point for international cruise ships and linked to both A Coruña and Santander by motorway, rail and bus networks, Avilés is well worth a day or two’s visit.,Summer temperatures are more bearable than those farther south, but international visitors can still enjoy Spanish food and the atmosphere of its arcaded streets and bars.,Here are six things to see if you are going to visit this picturesque town:,Voted one of the 20 most beautiful squares in Spain, and known locally as El Parche (The Patch), Plaza España connects the main roads leading to the town center. Dark square paving tiles to the side of the Town Hall mark the site of the town’s medieval walls.,The balcony of the 17th-century Town Hall itself plays host to the “Three Kings from the East” on the evening of Jan. 5. This is when celebrants arrive in the town on horseback with presents for local children.  On the other side of the square, there are several cafés and the Palacio Ferrera, now a five-star hotel.,Book your stay near the Plaza España here.,Calle Galiana, a picturesque street bordered by cobblestones, dates from the 17th century and is the present-day scene of the town’s Carnival celebrations in February or early March. A raised, arcaded pavement leads from Taverna La Bellota to the entrance to the town’s main park (Parque Ferrera).,Originally owned by the Marquis of Ferrera, whose palace stands on the town’s main square, different areas of these gardens were laid out in English and French styles. The park was officially opened to the public in 1976 by Spain’s King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia.,Officially St. Antonio de Padua, the Romanesque church is located in Plaza Carlos Lobo opposite the Museum of Town History (Museo de Historia Urbana) and dates to the 12th century.,It contains the tomb of Avilés’ most famous son: 16th-century Pedro Menéndez, a navigator and explorer. He founded St. Augustine in Florida, accredited with being the oldest town in the United States. You can see a statue of Menéndez in the Parque del Muelle.,Dominating the Avilés skyline with its unusual yellow-and-white curves is the building designed by the centenarian Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer, who was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award for Art in 1989. The Cultural Centre was officially opened in 2011 and is dedicated to education, culture and peace.,Situated at Calle Carriona 9 on the outskirts of Avilés, and well worth a visit, La Carriona is the municipal cemetery. It was created by the architect Ricardo Marcos Bausa and constructed in the late 19th century by Asturian migrants who returned to Avilés after making their fortunes in Cuba.,The cemetery is a member of the Association of Significant Cemeteries in Europe. There are numerous headstones, sculptured figures and hypogea or vaults designed by distinguished Spanish artists.,Numerous bars and restaurants welcome visitors to the town. Guti and Pedro always make international visitors feel at home in the Lord Byron, an arts café next to the municipal theater in Calle Palacio Valdés.,Learn the Language Before You Travel With Babbel – Get 25% Off 12 Months,At the Tierra Astur restaurant in Calle Galiana, you can sample typical Asturian dishes such as cachopo (breaded veal and cheese cutlets) and fabada (bean stew). You can also see how the local cider is poured. There is a special way of doing this locally called sin mirar (without looking).,Waiters hold the bottle of cider in one hand above their head. In the other hand, they hold a glass, slightly tilted, at a level just above their knee. They then pour the cider from a great height. It’s also customary for the drinker to leave a little cider in the bottom of their glass before it is refilled. This is done to clean the glass, as traditionally it was shared between groups of guests.,Avilés: Getting There www.wikitravel.org/en/Aviles,Cities of Asturias: Avilés www.turismoasturias.es & www.avilescomarca.info,Interceltic Festival of Avilés and its Region: Turismo www.turismoasturias.es,Official Portal of Tourism of Asturias: www.asturiastourism.co.uk,Author Bio: David Wilson is a freelance writer who loves exploring and writing about well-known and not-so-well-known places in Europe.
 ,Save the world? Start with a house.,The sun beat down with such intensity I was breaking out in a sweat just sitting in the shade. I didn’t mind the heat so much, I was just glad to be outside. However, it did impede the speed of our progress at the construction sight. It was grinding work, between digging, mixing concrete, laying blocks and bending rebar, all of which I personally had little to no practical experience in. I’ll admit that building houses was not in my job description.,I sat with my back against a tree and poured a half-bottle of cool water over my head. I broke into a smile not because I felt more refreshed, but because I was truly happy. To much welcome, a gentle breeze suddenly swept across the landscape and took my thoughts with it. My mind began to wander. How did I get here … ?,For several years I had the dream of living abroad, learning a different language and culture. Wasn’t there something more to life than routine and monotony?,At times I would often wonder if most people were really waking up in the morning inspired by the work they were doing and how they were living their lives. I needed to make a change. I wanted to become actively involved in something positive that would provide me with a sense of purpose.,I finally took the initiative when I traveled to Costa Rica on a whim, and found myself volunteering with Habitat for Humanity International. Can one person really change the world? I wanted to find out.,Habitat for Humanity International is a nonprofit, ecumenical Christian organization dedicated to eliminating substandard housing and homelessness worldwide, and making adequate, affordable shelter a matter of conscience and action. It was January 2005, and Habitat had started a new International Volunteer Program (IVP) for long-term volunteers.,I was the first to go through the program. My official title was the Volunteer Coordinator for Latin America & the Caribbean. I felt this to be a tremendous opportunity, as the organization was built and exists on the support of volunteers.,Starting out I was a bit on edge, but in due time I found my groove within the Habitat framework. It was unbelievable — I was actually enjoying office work. I took part in the development of materials such as a volunteer manual, interview guides and evaluation forms, and worked with a task force for the continuous improvement of the IVP program. I even did an on-site volunteer training in El Salvador.,Yet the greatest part about my job was getting to work alongside other volunteers such as me. People who were there not because they had to be or were paid to be, but were there simply because they wanted to be. As far as the volunteers were concerned, my role was to coordinate housing and arrival logistics, conduct orientations and support them throughout their stay.,There was such camaraderie among the volunteers I would often take it a step further, and plan weekend excursions. Working with Habitat gave me the confidence to feel I could accomplish any task, but more importantly, it gave me a genuine sense of fulfillment in being able to work hard at work worth doing.,As often as possible I would try to take a break from the office and take the volunteers on build trips to Habitat construction sights throughout Costa Rica. It was extremely heartwarming to be able to see firsthand the culmination of the work you’re doing. Out at the site we would get to work alongside the benefiting Habitat family, who was always very receptive, helpful and appreciative of us being there.,The scene was a fantastic amalgamation of cultures, economic backgrounds and beliefs. Yet the common bond that tied us together so tightly was the simple notion of building a home.,Esparza is a small town alongside the Pan-American Highway in Costa Rica, whose city limits you would pass in just a few short breaths if you were riding on a bus. I arrived in Esparza on a Sunday, along with 10 volunteers from the Northern Ireland Memorial Fund. I was to act as the liaison for this group over the course of 10 days, during which time we would begin construction on a Habitat home.,The home was going to a single mother, Maria, who would be living with her two sons and two daughters. Up until that time the family had been sharing a rented house in town with extended relatives. They were a family of 10 living under one roof.,As I stepped foot in the doorway of the home Maria shared with her relatives, I could practically see the entire residence from my vantage point in the doorway. It was hard for me to comprehend this huge family sharing this 3 bedroom/1 bathroom home. Surely, the Habitat home would offer the entire family a reprieve from their current living situation.,When we arrived at the worksite the first day, we found a foreman and Maria’s 2 sons, Marlon and Dede. Every benefiting family that partners with Habitat commits to putting in roughly 400 hours of “sweat equity” on their home or on other Habitat projects. At first the two boys, ages 19 and 22, were shy and introverted, but throughout the week our group got to know them, laughing and sharing stories with no more than gestures and friendly smiles.,Several times during the week Maria and her daughters walked over to the build site to bring us fruit and juice. What started out as an empty lot turned into a home that was almost ready to be roofed by the week’s end.,Even though there were obstacles of language and culture, each one of us made a connection with the family. When dealing with life-changing events, it seems evident people form a bond that is stronger than most. For that family in Esparza, the building of that home was certainly going to change their lives.,Just seeing everyone working, laughing, smiling and sharing created an atmosphere so rich with emotion it made me reconsider how I defined wealth. The house was symbolic of much more than just a place of residence. It represented a unity, a coming together and an inherent understanding of equality that we’ll carry with us for the rest of our lives. As cliché as it may sound it’s true. We were not just building homes, we were building lives.,Internationally or domestically, conflict resolution or human rights, poverty or the environment — it’s disheartening to think that there are so many competing needs. However, it doesn’t matter where you begin to start making positive contributions, just so long as you make the decision to start, which is ultimately the toughest decision you’ll have to make.,I chose the movement of eliminating poverty housing. Did I eliminate poverty housing? Not even close. Did I succeed? Absolutely. The serenity of my experience taught me that I alone cannot do away with poverty housing, which led me to the answer I was looking for.,Perhaps one person can’t change the world, but the world can certainly change for one person. And it’s this domino effect, that if spread across the globe we can, collectively, achieve the unimaginable and create a world that reflects the warmth of mankind, instead of its indifference., ,From live music to TeX-rated humor, Austin rocks it way into the 21st century.,If you want to hear razor-edged political humor about George W. Bush, don’t go to Washington, D.C. Don’t even watch the Comedy Channel. Go to Austin, Texas’ capital city. Buy a ticket to Ester’s Follies Comedy Club on the city’s hip Sixth Street and brace yourself for an evening of TeX-rated humor. The Follies upholds a three-decade tradition of turning back-room whispers from the political movers and shakers into stage-front guffaws.,We’re warned not to sit too close to the front unless we want to be a part of the show. Sure enough, the actors roam into the audience and drag a woman on stage. As the review progresses, skits roast politicians, football, rednecks and the crowd of gawkers staring in the storefront windows behind the stage. Austin has always been a tell-it-like-it-is city with no scarcity of audience involvement.,When the Follies began its run in 1977, the town boasted a 15-minute rush hour and the hubris of a teenager. With a booming economy, new fern bars opened on Sixth Street almost weekly and construction cranes hovered over half-built skyscrapers like oil derricks waiting for a gusher.,By the ’90s, Austin had pledged allegiance to a cybertech future and the city boomed with the rest of the nation. Now, Austin boasts a new airport and a rejuvenated downtown with a high-tech convention center, art and history museums, new and renovated hotels, and not one, but two music-and-restaurant districts.,The Sixth Street strip, from Interstate Highway 35 to Congress Avenue, is the main downtown street. It is here that the pace was set in the ’70s with a half-dozen clubs and several restaurants. Disco was dead, so the clubs featured local bands. It didn’t take long for the town to discover what 50,000 college students knew all along: Austin rocks. The vibrant music scene propelled Janis Joplin, country musician Willie Nelson, blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan and a dozen other bands into gold records. Homegrown music became as much a part of Austin’s identity as longhorns and bluebonnets.,Now, the city bills itself as the “live music capital of the world.” More than 100 venues play everything from country twang and Texas swing to jazz and techno rock every night of the week. In the Warehouse District, a well-seasoned restaurant mix complements jazz, salsa, blues and retro bands with music from the ’50s and ’60s.Besides Ester’s Follies, the 1970s produced a musical upstart that became the standard bearer for Austin’s musical reputation: Austin City Limitsbegan 25 years ago in the back room of the University of Texas’ Public Broadcasting Station, KLRU. Willie Nelson cut the pilot show in 1975. Despite its name, the show was never intended to be about boundaries or local music. It celebrates the diversity of American music heard in Austin clubs. The show now plays on 300 stations and reaches 25 million viewers. No wonder musicians consider it the most sought-after gig in the business.,The station conducts public tours of the soundstage on Friday mornings. We step out of the elevator into a hall decorated with photos of past performers. It’s a who’s who of popular music. More than 400 musicians have played country, rock, Zydeco, bluegrass, blues and Latino music on the show.,While Austin has a plethora of new businesses, hotels, clubs and restaurants, it hasn’t abandoned the icons of its past. The state capitol recently completed a US$ 187 million renovation with an added underground expansion the size of 15 football fields. The historic Driskill Hotel, built in Romanesque style in 1886, reclaimed its position as the focal point of downtown elegance with a US$ 35 million restoration in 1999.,The concierge shows us the Cattle Baron’s Suite. The US$ 2,500-a-night, two-bedroom pad includes a living room with a home-entertainment center; a dining room with a 12-setting table; and a master bedroom with an oversized whirlpool tub and a shower with six shower heads. In November 1964, Democrat Lyndon B. Johnson, the 36th president of the United States, checked in on his election night and listened to the results in what is now a banquet room.,Though President George W. Bush and the Republicans dominate today’s Austin, the influence of the Johnson era still resonates. The Lyndon B. Johnson Presidential Library, a fixture on the University of Texas campus, presents a permanent exhibit that documents the events of the 20th century that lead up to the turbulent ’60s and Johnson’s presidency. Traveling exhibits showcase contemporary artists, photographers, poets and writers.,Johnson’s wife, Lady Bird, also rode the ’90s wave of progress and upgraded the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center, which moved to a new facility in south Austin in 1995. The high-tech buildings feature a low-tech roof system that channels rain run-off to lovely demonstration gardens.,Another of Lady Bird’s legacies, the Town Lake hike-and-bike trail, follows the impounded Colorado River, which flows through the heart of Austin. The scenic downtown greenbelt is one of Austin’s defining features. From our room on the 14th floor of the Hyatt Regency, we see a panoramic view of people jogging on the trail around the lake, the Congress Avenue Bridge with its colony of 1 million Mexican free-tailed bats and the evening light illuminating the skyline.,Reflections in the glass-and-granite buildings fade from sunset gold to purple and violet. A canoe cuts silently across the velvet surface of the lake. The scene resembles a painting with vibrant colors applied with broad brush strokes. Which is exactly the way Austin paints its future in the new millennium.,If You Go,Austin Convention & Visitors Bureau,800-926-2282,www.austintexas.org,Texas Tourism,www.traveltex.com, ,This region in northern Italy’s Friuli Venezia Giulia borders Austria and Slovenia and is known for its excellent white wines.,The key to the cellar door is 10 inches long and dangles from a crimson bow, held tightly by our host, Castello di Spessa owner Loretto Pali. He is leading our curious group deep into the bowels of his ancient castle in the Collio wine region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia.,I’m gaining a deep understanding of the wine produced here, which I quickly learn is closely linked to the cultural fabric of this very special place in northern Italy that borders Austria and Slovenia.,The shape of the Collio Goriziano Wine Region is a crescent, so depending on where you are, you can be looking at Slovenia with Italy on both sides. The terrain here is variable. The main difference between the more general Friuli valley area and Collio is that the latter is hills and slopes, with elevations reaching 935 feet (285 meters) and coastal influence only 20 minutes away. The northern mountain influence is an hour away.,These hillsides are exemplary for wine-grape growing, offering suitable soil, sunlight and climactic variance to produce complex, interesting wines, particularly white varietals such as sauvignon, friulano, pinot grigio, ribolla gialla and malvasia.,The Collio hills also make for epic views. A 360-degree sunset panorama unveils itself on the tippy top resort venue of Baronesse Tacco, the location of a tasting of 30 wine producers within the Consorzio Collio, the organization that has put together this four-day wine event I’m attending.,After sampling some standouts, like the 2016 Primosic friulano, the 2017 Gradis’ciutta malvasia and the ribolla gialla from Borgo Conventi, we gather for a multi-course dinner by Michelin-starred chef Daniele Repetti, concluding with a memorable dessert of ricotta panna cotta, raspberry meringue, lemon verbena gel and fresh berries.,In a rare shift, instead of more wine, I end the night with an excellent espresso by Torrefazione, who was showcasing its award-winning beans at a table out front.,In the days before this cumulative tasting, our group of wine educators, industry leaders and journalists had explored Collio wines exhaustively via estate tours and tastings.,We asked questions like “Why is Collio a unique region?” (Answer: rain, wind, hills.) “What makes wine from here excel in quality?” (Answer: climate, biodiversity, sandy soil, low production.),Through two technical sessions led by Richard Baudains of the Wine Scholar Guild, we learn about Collio bianco, a field blend of co-fermented grapes with the idea that “the whole is more important than the sum of the parts,” he explains.,And after tasting more than 30 different sauvignons, we are infused with an understanding of this variable white varietal and why it is a difficult wine to taste because most people are pigeon-holing it with all the styles made throughout the world, from France to Australia.,We also explore the area, a wild, diverse terrain with abundant hiking and other adventures. Our hike along the sentiero delle vigne alte (“the path of the high vineyards”) weaves in and out of vines and showcases the soil we had been learning so much about.,Hours and muddy shoes later, we descend onto the road that leads us to Osteria de la Subida, a typical taverna that is the setting for our leisurely lunch of regional delicacies. We consume cheese, salume, olive oil, risotto, olives, preserves, ficco (fried mashed potato and cheesecake) and apple strudel – plus more wine.,Out back, this property also has guest cottages – where I would like to stay if I ever return – and a lovely pool, with horse stables across the street.,Aside from learning that Collio makes 3 percent of the Italian national production of DOC (Denominazione di Origine Controllata), a quality assurance designation for Italian wines, I also learn that this border region was a leader of the white wine movement in the 1960s and 1970s soon after establishing itself as the third Italian Consorzio in 1964. It is easy to see – and taste – why. As Baudains says, “The wines of the Collio have always had a reputation.”,But the larger theme that emerges is the integrity and pride these wine producers uphold. Their life work and its liquid result showcase the environment, culture and community living here.,Our first event comes full circle back to the castle where, after touring the cellar, the oldest in the Collio region, where three different world military forces took control and had their headquarters during various wartimes, we assemble for a truly astounding dinner by Chef Antonia Klugmann: tomato soup with truffles and hops, a simple and pure risotto with butter and sage, and pork rib with cedar, black garlic and mustard. This is topped off with another unbelievable dessert of chamomile ice cream, lemon meringue and ginger crumble.,Perhaps the best message comes from a panel discussion, where The Wine Economist editor and author Mike Veseth discusses the balance between environmental, social and economic sustainability. He says, “This is a critical moment…for Collio wine. This is the moment to draw on its history and look ahead…and to communicate that excellence with clarity.”,https://www.collio.it/,Author Bio: Amber Selene Turpin is a freelance food and travel writer based in the Santa Cruz Mountains area of northern California. She has worn many hats, from baker to business owner to bookkeeper, but finds the most joy in writing stories of food and the world we live in. She is a regular contributor to Civil Eats, Edible Magazines, Napa Sonoma magazine, Slow Wine and The Mercury News in San Jose., ,Explore the remote island of Yap in Micronesia and see how traditional practices still thrive in all aspects of life, including building homes from natural materials.,Society on the small, remote island of Yap is interconnected at all levels and each person has his or her own role to play, like the frames of the traditional buildings that are common throughout this Micronesian culture. ,It is said that, when tied together properly, a traditional Yapese building represents the spirit of families, villages and communities. Without one of the pieces, regardless of the size or purpose, the building will fail.,Yap is one of the four island states in the Federated States of Micronesia that are scattered across more than one million square miles of the western Pacific Ocean a few degrees north of the equator. ,Traditional dwellings made of natural materials harvested on the island are an integral part of this centuries-old Pacific way-of-life, their complex design and construction based on building techniques used by the residents’ ancestors that are still in use today. ,There are three main types of structure, each with its own style and purpose – the p’ebay, faluw and tabnaw. ,One of the most important structures in Yap is the “faluw,” or men’s house. Traditionally restricted to men, it is usually close to the shore or situated on top of a hill where it once served in past eras as a vantage point to watch for invaders. ,Used as a gathering and meeting place, boys and young men learn skills like canoe building, wood carving, how to make a fish trap, and listen to the oral traditions passed down by their elders in this gathering place. ,Fishing gear such as nets and spears are kept in the faluw. In earlier times, fighting spears and other weapons of warfare were often stored there, as well.,The faluw is also a place for the men to sleep and to welcome men from other villages who need a place to rest or stay overnight. ,The “p’ebay” is a community meeting house that serves as a gathering place for both men and women, but rarely at the same time. It is also the site where a village meets with other communities, and is usually found inland rather than next to the shore. The main stone paths that link villages throughout the island lead to the p’ebay, and the community’s unique, massive discs of stone money are displayed around the structure. ,In front of the p’ebay is a “malal,” or dance area, with a “wonbey,” or stone tile platform and upright backrests. Traditional dances are held on the malal with spectators seated on the platform. During meetings, the backrests provide a comfortable place for the elders to sit. ,The “tabnaw” is a residential home. Although it has been replaced in modern times with more conventional houses, the tabnaw resembles the other traditional buildings but has an enclosed area and is open on both ends. Customarily, the entrance on one end was reserved for the husband and older male children, while the opposite end was for the wife and younger girls and boys. ,The tabnaw includes a smaller, simpler, separate structure call the “ta’ang” that serves as the family’s cookhouse. Three rocks are set at one end of the building to hold the cooking pots while kindling and firewood are stored inside to keep it dry. Typically, families had two cookhouses since younger members of the family were not allowed to eat from the cooking pots of the older men and women. ,When planning to construct a new faluw or p’ebay, the village holds several meetings to discuss all aspects of the project. When the final plans are set, a “salap,” or master builder, is brought in to be the construction foreman.,He may be from the same village or another village and is compensated with traditional stone or shell money, or in additional ways such as betel nut, food and other gifts. During the construction, he might live in the host village until the project is completed, making sure that all the rules, both physical and spiritual, are adhered to.,Although required for the construction of a faluw or p’ebay, a tabnaw, or residential home, does not always require the services of a salap since the owner’s friends often help out. ,Next, the building is measured in fathoms that are about six feet long, or the length of two outstretched arms. This arm-span measurement is called “sengaf”; most structures are between three and seven fathoms, or 18 to 42 feet in length. A typical faluw is three fathoms long when measured between the inner posts, but it is actually longer since another 1½ fathoms are added to each end. That equates to a total of six fathoms, or 36 feet in length.,Strict building ratios are adhered to and the salap follows traditional formulas to ensure that the proper height and roof pitch are achieved. ,When the size is established, the size and number of posts is determined and the salap instructs the community to begin harvesting materials for the building. However, harvesting cannot take place between the new moon and the full moon. If cut during that time, boring insects like termites will attack the wood and the materials will need to be replaced. ,The main support posts are the first to be set up. Made from the biy’uch tree, a type of mahogany, they’re left to rest for a while to drain and dry after harvesting. When ready, the ends are scorched with fire to prevent termite infestation. ,In the meantime, bamboo is cut, bundled and placed in the lagoon for a week or more. This saltwater soaking cures the bamboo and also helps prevent an insect infestation.  Other materials, including smaller bamboo stems and coconut fiber rope, are gathered. Materials for the thatch roof are collected after the frame is finished in order to be fresh. ,During the initial planning meetings, men often make coconut rope that will be used during the construction. Rolling the dried husk fibers together with the palms of their hands or against their thighs, the process is said to encourage the spirit for the group and is deemed to be one of the fruits of the planning meetings. For a four-arm-span-sized dwelling, around a thousand fathoms of rope are required and takes hours and hours of work.,Twisting the fibers into long cords can be compared to spinning wool fibers together to make long lengths of yarn. Small bundles of the fibers are formed first and are then pulled from the bundle as the rope grows longer. A skilled craftsman can make the string exactly the same size for its entire length. ,When finished, the rope is looped into full bundles of 100 fathoms or half bundles of 50 fathoms each that are then combined into ten full bundles, or a smaller ball of half bundles. The bundles are then hung in the faluw or tabnaw for later use. ,There are several types of coconuts on Yap, and the men have a keen eye for identifying the trees that produce the best ones for rope-making. The nut should be small and the husk very thick. If the shell is strong, the husk fibers will also be strong and produce a longer length suited to the purpose. ,The husks are spread apart and soaked for three to four months next to the ocean in a pit that contains brackish water. This soaking make the fibers stronger and easier to pull apart. After this curing process, the husks are washed in the ocean at high tide when the water is cleaner before being laid out to dry. ,They are then split apart and the fibers divided into three piles according to length. The smallest and shortest fibers are turned into packaging for the turmeric that is used in cooking and, when mixed with coconut oil, for body decoration. The rope made with short fibers is also used to hold together door and window panels, as well as to make decorative attachments for traditional shell money and to produce finer rope for items like fishing traps. ,The medium fibers are used in making the walls and windows of the building and the roof frame, while the larger, longer fibers are used for the strong ties that hold the main support posts together. To give extra strength to the intersecting beams and posts, these special ties are always wrapped the opposite way from the way in which the fibers are twisted.  ,Once framed, the posts and beams are tied together with the coconut fiber rope using intricately braided and woven lashings unique to each type of structural connection. No nails are ever used in the buildings. Unlike hard nails, the coconut rope provides “give” during storms, creating flexibility for the building and tightening with the movement of the structure. ,There are many different kinds of ties or lashing techniques and each one has its purpose. The two distinctive lashings at the ends of the building require a great deal of rope and special skill to tie. Young Yapese men take many years to learn how to make them. ,The making of the roof “shingles” is the responsibility of the women. Roofing materials are gathered and include either coconut tree leaves or nipa palm leaves. When nipa leaves are used, they’re stripped from the branch and folded around a section of bamboo slat about 1½ inches wide and three, five or seven feet long that will hold the shingles in place during high winds.,Cut in advance, the slats are tied in bundles and soaked in the ocean for at least two weeks. When coconut leaves are used, they’re woven into shingles rather than sewn. ,The nipa palm leaves are harvested when the slats are cured and must be used within a few days of harvest before they dry out. Folding the leaves around the slats and overlapping the previous leaf, the women sew them together with banana or hibiscus fiber thread to create individual shingles that are then carefully stacked according to length. ,When enough shingles are ready, a date is set for the community to come together to complete the entire roof in one day. A leader conducts the process while men who are good at accurate throwing are assigned to toss the shingles up to the men on the roof.,Those who are excellent climbers take their places on top and at the ends of the building; and, the rest are spaced along the ridge board to place the shingles accurately. Starting at the bottom of the eaves, the shingles are tied to the supporting rafters with special types of vines that have been soaked and are applied wet. When dry, they shrink and further tighten the binding. ,Roof thatching is a community effort that involves three phases. The first phase ends when the roof is completed and the salap is recognized for his work. The second phase ends when the roof is entirely thatched and a woven ridge cap made of palm leaves is added. It’s then that a small party is given to thank the salap and the workers. The salap is also paid at that time with traditional money or other gifts. ,During this celebration, the elders tell the workers the next thing that needs to be done, which might be, for example, the stone platform, or “daff.”  Commonly made of schist, a medium grade metamorphic rock, the stones are placed so they interlock; no mortar is ever used. ,And finally, the flooring and walls are added. Flooring can be made of bamboo, beetle nut trunk planks, or small, woven bamboo panels. Used as head rests for sleeping men and boys, the floor beams are made of the trunks of the pandanus tree and are never sat or stood upon. ,For the walls, roots of the pandanus tree are split and dried before being woven or tied together to close the sides of the building.  Unlike the faluw, the p’ebay has no walls. Some faluws have a malal, or dance platform, but it is only used for practice sessions. The main malal is always at the p’ebay. ,Wood door hooks carved from the crotch of a sturdy branch are suspended from the rafters with coconut rope to hold open the doors and windows, and stylized decoration might be added to the eaves in the form of geometric forms or birds or fish representing island myths. ,A fire pit is positioned in the center of the men’s house to hold smoldering coconut husks to repel mosquitoes. It is never used for cooking, and food of any kind is usually not allowed in the building since it might attract insects and rats. A raised platform next to the fire pit called a “rorow” is used as a table to hold betel nut, tuba (palm wine), and other special items during meetings. ,It has been reported that, in the old days, when a house was completed, a party was held for the clan, and magic was performed to protect the structure. After the celebration, as many people as the house could hold were fit inside to weigh it down and make it firm.  ,The Yap Living History Museum in Colonia, the island’s only town, provides a firsthand look at these traditional buildings and is often a backdrop for community events. For more information, or to arrange a guided tour of the island, contact the Yap Visitors Bureau at 691-350-2298, yvb@mail.fm, or go to www.visityap.com. (Visitors are only allowed to go into the villages and onto private land with the permission of the chief and a local guide.),Read More:
Carving Yap’s Ancient Culture in Wood
Word Snapshots: A T-Shirt Economy on the Island of Yap,Author Bio: Joyce McClure is a freelance writer and photographer who moved to the remote island of Yap in the western Pacific Ocean in August 2016 as a Peace Corps Response Volunteer after a long career in public relations. At the end of her service, she decided to remain in Yap to continue writing and working with community organizations. Special thanks to the Yap Visitors Bureau for their assistance in providing information for this article.,This is a lovely interesting article by Joyce McClure. Her photographs and the article are facinating. I look forward to seeing more articles in the future,Hawaiian culture is rich with diversity. A local offers his insight on his unique island home.,After crossing 2,400 miles of ocean from the western coast of the United States, you congratulate yourself on your arrival in paradise. Here in Honolulu International Airport, the air is at least 20 degrees warmer than wherever you left, every woman seems to have a flower in her hair and lanky palm trees sway in the distance, welcoming you to Hawaii.,Still bleary-eyed from the overnight flight, you try to focus and absorb your surroundings. Island people swirl around you – coffee-colored kids in rubbah slippas, a Hawaiian family welcoming their visiting auntie with a plumeria lei (floral garland) and two yon-sei sisters, walking hand in hand past an elderly couple who can claim their combined roots as Hawaiian-Chinese-Filipino-Puerto Rican-Croatian-Italian-Korean-Portuguese.,Waiting for your connecting flight to the neighbor island of Kauai, you plop down in a seat between a diminutive Filipino grandmother and an immense Hawaiian man with an XXXX-L t-shirt that proclaims, ‘BIG & PROUD.’ A dreadlocked Swedish couple in matching lava lava carry boogie boards past you, followed by a weathered paniola (Hawaiian cowboy) in dusty red dirt cowboy boots who precedes a small pack of Japanese tourists.,Framed by a high glass wall, a young girl in sunglasses with a shoulder tattoo that reads, ‘Local Girl,’ exclaims into her cell phone, ‘Hey brah, where you stay?” Behind her, a rainbow stretches from the runway to the mountains in the distance, framing the Hawaii you’ve come to see.,It is here, at the airport, that you first meet the complex mosaic of Hawaii’s “rainbow society,” where distinctions between race and culture are blurred to the point that when asked, many locals compare themselves to a Hawaiian-style lunch – the mixed plate; that is, a little of this, some of that, a bit of the other. It is this fusion of people and culture in the middle of the Pacific that makes Hawaii unique and very much a world all its own.,For those unfamiliar with Hawaii, initial references can be confusing. Hawaii, the archipelago, stretches over 1,500 miles across the central Pacific, consisting of 132 islands, reefs and shoals.,When people speak of the State of Hawaii (the 50th state, admitted to the Union August 21, 1959), they tend to think of the eight “high islands” (in order of size: Hawaii’s Big Island, Maui, Oahu, Kauai, Molokai, Lanai, Niihau and Kahoolawe). Oahu, where approximately 75 percent of the state’s population lives, is home to the capitol (Honolulu) and Hawaii’s tourist epicenter (Waikiki).,Boarding your connecting flight, your introduction to the rainbow society continues. The flight attendant serving you “Passion Punch” looks part-haole (Caucasian), part-Oriental. Her name tag reads “Naupualeilani.”,Disembarking at the provincial tropical airport in Lihue in Kauai, you pass two Filipinas gesticulating wildly as they speak in Ilicano. The agent at the car rental desk, a man of Hawaiian-Okinawan-Dutch-Cherokee-Spanish ancestry, directs you outside to a spotty teen with dyed blond hair tucked under a wool stocking cap (in Hawaii?!) emblazoned with the words ‘Da Kine.’ He greets you, “Howzit?” handing you the keys to your car.,You drive to your hotel where three porters – a local Japanese, Filipino and a Mexican-German-Puerto Rican, stand at the porte-cochere beside a stout Hawaiian doorman with a kukui nut lei who flashes a broad smile and beams, “Alo-ha!”,Born and raised in the islands, these are Hawaii’skama’aina (literally, ‘child of the land’). Live here long enough, and you may consider yourself a kama’aina, too, though whether others do depends much on actions and attitude. Producing a state of Hawaii driver’s license entitles one to kama’aina discount rates (special promotional prices available in some shops or businesses intended to attract local business), but the definition of kama’aina varies, depending on who one asks.,Another identifying term is hapa, meaning “half” or “part” (as in half-Hawaiian, half-haole, or Chinese or Japanese or…). Due to widespread migration and immigration, the people of Hawaii, like the state’s unofficial symbol, the rainbow, come in many hues, all merging as one.,Plantation culture, comprised of Hawaiians, Asians, Europeans and Americans, produced Hawaii’s unique form Hawaiian Creole English. Usually referred to as pidgin , H.C.E. is a mix of Hawaiian, English and other linguistic elements (mostly Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese and Filipino languages) with its own vocabulary, grammar and a unique sing-song intonation. Pidgin today is spoken by kama’aina from all walks of life and can be heard throughout Hawaii.,If you’re looking for more history and culture-oriented activities and private tours check out options on all of the islands with GetYourGuide here.,By contrast, the malihini, or newcomer, is anyone who has arrived recently, tourists and residents alike. Keep in mind, however, everyone, including the Kanaka Maoli (native Hawaiians) themselves, came from somewhere else and ‘recently’ is a relative term. When speaking of the ancient Hawaiians, one is referring to the first humans to arrive from Hiva (the Marquesas Islands) and later Tahiti, beginning roughly 1,600 years ago.,The Polynesians who settled Hawaii had already formed a distinct culture largely free of outside influences before British explorer Captain James Cook’s landing in 1778. His arrival brought a trickle, then a flood of explorers, traders, later missionaries, cattlemen and eventually plantation owners and laborers ushering in the metamorphosis of Hawaiian society.,Starting with the Chinese in 1852, followed by Japanese (1868), Portuguese (1878), Germans (1881), Puerto Ricans and Okinawans (1900), Koreans (1902), Filipinos (1905) and Spanish (1907), people from around the globe have flocked to Hawaii, bringing with them (among other things) their cultures and languages. Throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, Hawaii’s rainbow society blossomed, while at the same time the Kanaka Maoli struggled to preserve their own culture and traditions amidst burgeoning numbers of malihini.,Further immigration by Samoans, Tongans, Thais, Vietnamese and others lured to Hawaii by opportunity, trade, travel or military continues to shape the demographics of Hawaii today.,In Kauai, this melding of peoples is encapsulated in a carved stone which reads,,“One Island, Many Peoples, All Kauaians.”,This includes what revered travel writer Pico Iyer calls “Global Souls” – the German woman who moved from the Dominican Republic, the Brazilian and his Texan wife, stonemasons from Bangalore, Natasha from Moscow, Yuko from Fukuoka, Gem from Chiang Mai, the Vietnamese restaurateur, the deck hand from Durban, a fire fighter from Edinburgh, a Fijian quarryman, Australian Hindu monks, a psychiatrist from Uttar Pradesh, free spirits from Fairbanks and a beach bum named Babble from somewhere deep in the Summer of Love.,On this remote chain of volcanic rock in the middle of the Pacific, there is something so welcoming, so accommodating, that everyone and everything seems to thrive beneath the day-dream blue skies and trade wind-blown palms. Constant sunshine often gives way to a sudden shower, casting a rainbow across the islands, over the dry barren kiawe-covered hills of Mana in the west, to the spurting black volcano Kilauea to the east.,While Hawaii is marketed as and often considered to be a tropical “paradise,” one must remember that even “paradise” has gridlock traffic and air pollution, an affordable housing shortage and a serious “ice” (crystal methamphetamine) problem.,It would be untrue to say that this multi-ethnic society is completely free of racial tensions, yet it is remarkable how well the people of Hawaii’s rainbow society generally get along.,Despite the painful history of colonization and subjugation of native Hawaiians, and facing unprecedented challenges (the need for conservation and environmental balance, economic diversification and growing pressures from the population), it is the widespread acceptance, integration and celebration of one another’s culture that has bestowed the people of Hawaii with a radiant beauty that shines from within, making Hawaii a global model for a brighter human future.,For your future travels you can find the best hotels at discounted rates through TripAdvisor here.,The quiet Mexican town of Loreto, Baja California has an unusual history, is rich in culture & colonial ambiance & is a nature lovers paradise.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,Spanish author Garci Rodriguez de Montalvo wrote about a fictional paradise ruled by a black super-woman he called Queen Calafia in his 1510 novel, Adventures of Esplandian.,Said Rodriguez:,“Know, that on the right hand of the Indies there is an island called California…and it is peopled by black women, without any man among them, for they live in the manner of Amazons.”,Among the book’s fans was the Spanish conquistador Hernan Cortes, who after invading the Mexican mainland in the 1520s sailed west to what he’d heard was an island loaded with gold.,Like Christopher Columbus, Cortes thought the lands of the “New World” were in the East Indies, and that the island could have been de Montalvo’s California. Cortes landed on what he tagged Las Californias in 1535, but after striking out in his search for gold soon went back to the mainland.,Another expedition in 1539 found the “island” was actually an 800-mile-long peninsula (today’s Baja California in Mexico) edging the Pacific on one side and what Cortes named the Sea of Cortes on the side facing the mainland.,After many failed attempts to colonize Las Californias – the natives were disinclined to share their turf with the bearded invaders (especially since so many of them tried to increase the local population) – a veteran Jesuit missionary was able to talk the local folks into letting him set up a mission there in 1697.,Built on a spot the Jesuits named Loreto (after Our Lady of Loreto, the patron saint of the founding Jesuit priest), the mission turned out to be the Spaniards’ first permanent colony on the peninsula. It became the city of Loreto in what is now called Baja California, Mexico’s twelfth largest state.,Fast-forward to today, and Loreto, Baja California is one of Mexico’s 65 or so pueblos magicos (magic cities), so-designated in recognition of their heritage, culture and colonial ambiance.,The quiet city edges the spectacular Loreto Bay National Marine Park, which runs along 50 miles of shoreline and zig-zags out 25 miles into the Sea of Cortes, all told covering some 800 square miles.,Among key points in Loreto Bay National Marine Park, a government- and UNESCO-protected park, are five large, volcanically formed islands on which sea lions go about sunning themselves while sea gulls, pelicans, terns and blue-footed booby birds dart around above.,Below, sea turtles glide through the cobalt-blue waters as do dolphins and big game fish of the likes of dorado, marlin and sailfish along with hundreds of other kinds of marine life.,At certain times of the year the park comes alive with pods of whales splashing around the islands and slapping the water with their immense tails. It’s their annual migration to breeding and birthing spots along the peninsula, some having found their way here from as far away as feeding grounds in the Arctic.,See everything you can during your trip to Baja California by booking an adventure through TourRadar. Browse more Loreto travel packages, which include places to stay and meals, as well as shorter day trips here.,Visitors to the park quickly see for themselves why it’s earned descriptions such as “the world’s aquarium” by underwater explorer Jacques Cousteau and as “Mexico’s Galapagos” by Mexico City-based historian Jaime Capulli.,Roberto Salazar, a guide for the local tour company Wild Loreto says “There is absolutely nothing like the thrills of seeing all these wonders of Mother Nature close up.”,Enjoying all this are some 35,000 annual tourists plus a hefty number of expats (as many as 7,000, mainly from the U.S. and Canada) living in the area along with 13,000 or so choyeros (natives of the Loreto region).,Most of the populated area is along a 25-mile coastal strip starting at the town of Loreto and running south to a big luxury resort on Danzante Bay. Along the way is the popular harbor of Puerto Escondido and the residential and resort community of Nopolo, the latter originally built as the focal point of a mini-Cancun-like project that never materialized.,Developers had announced big plans for the area in the 80s and 90s. Dozens of hotels were going to spring up the beaches of Loreto and Nopolo, all told with 5,832 rooms (about a third the size of Cancun’s capacity at the time).,Those hotels, along with restaurants and shopping and entertainment centers, were going to be packed by 309,700 annual vacationers by the year 2000.,As things turned out (for lots of reasons, including financial issues, a lack of water at the time and dips in the U.S. economy), most of those plans ended up in corporate shredders. Loreto never became a mega-player on Mexico’s tourism scene – to the delight of the choyeros and their neighboring ex-pats.,Understand more on your adventure, about the history and culture of Loreto, by learning some Spanish before you go! Babbel has lesson plans for every level that you can adjust to fit your schedule. Check out more learning plan options and deals here.,Vacationers have a choice of dozens of small hotels and boutique inns dotting the Baja California region, mostly in Loreto and Nopolo, and in four hotels with more than 100 rooms.,Be sure to leave some space in your bag for gifts to take home! eBags has a range of quality luggage from durable to designer at affordable and reliable prices. See more of the selection, accessories and daily deals here.,Two of the larger hotels are owned by Mexico’s Villa Group Resorts chain: the 118-room Hotel Santa Fe in the town of Loreto, and the 181-room Villa del Palmar at the Islands of Loreto opened two years ago.,Nestled between a secluded beach and the Sierra de la Giganta mountain range, the Villa del Palmar Loreto features five swimming pools, tennis courts, three restaurants, a big outdoor Jacuzzi and a spa and fitness center.,The property is on a 4,500-acre site on which the Villa Group plans to add a Rees Jones-designed 18-hole golf course and other new attractions.,Plan for your Baja California escape in Loreto today! Get prepared with everything you need before you go like favorite beach spots, local restaurant reviews, VRBO options, insider tips on how to get around and more through Travelocity and TripAdvisor. When you are ready to book, check out JustFly for flight deals and other transportation needs.,Author’s bio: Bob is a Denver-based freelance travel writer and co-owner of a monthly travel magazine for baby boomers called WatchBoom.com. His stories from many worldwide trips have appeared in some two dozen publications ranging from the Huffington Post to Frontier Airlines’ inflight magazine to The News/Global Village (a daily print newspaper in Mexico City).,In an earlier life, as Bob puts it, he was one of the principal founders of Frontier Airlines and served as the carrier’s vice president for corporate communications until he retired a decade or so ago. A self-described “airline bum,” he earlier held PR posts with the original Frontier Airlines, Reno Air, Eastern Caribbean Airlines, Eastern Airlines and Mohawk Airlines.,Porto is known for creating delicious Port wine but that is just the beginning of the beautiful sights and things to do in Porto, Portugal.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Just a few hours up the coast from Lisbon by comfortable high-speed train, a taste of Porto awaits. It was here that my family and I  had a few days to enjoy the local life.,Located about 200 miles north of Lisbon, Porto is a more laid-back and smaller version of the nation’s capital city. The hills were certainly there but did not seem quite as steep. The Douro River—a bloodline for Spain and Portugal—flowed through the city and into the Atlantic.,Amazing architecture abounds, and the port wine was ever-present. Tourists were present as well, but there were fewer here than in Lisbon. As a result, lines were shorter, sites were less crowded and the streets and squares seemed more populated by locals than tourists. Furthermore, Porto was walkable at a leisurely pace. ,Founded in 417, Porto has seen several rulers and owners. However, the Douro River, flowing into the Atlantic has always been a part of Porto life.,Much like Lisbon, Porto benefited from Portugal’s age of discovery and the resulting spice trade of the 15th and 16th centuries. After that, port wine became the city’s new lifeline and is still a huge industry today.,Our temporary home in Porto, Portugal was Cetu Terrace Suites, an apartment, just north of the Cathedral District.  We were about a two-minute walk from the busy Parca de Liberdade (Liberty Square), a busy gathering place lined with stately buildings.,The apartment was clean and comfortable, with a Nespresso machine in the room for an any-time-of-day espresso. Made-to-order breakfast and a buffet overlooking a city view were included.,The best part of our flat, however, was being able to walk to everything. A stroll north of us took us to local neighborhoods which were tourist-free. Here we could explore the grocery store, shops, cafes and restaurants that the locals visit, if with a bit of a language barrier challenge.,For our first culinary adventure, we found a place where locals were lined up to eat. We secured a table in the crowded little restaurant that reminded me of some of the tavernas we’d visited in Italy. The food was good. The caveat: they did not speak English and did not have a menu in English.,Thankfully,  we were able to figure out what we wanted using our phrase book. However, when we went to place our order, we were told it wasn’t possible.,“No, no, no,” the waiter said dismissively. “Not today.” He turned the page of our typed Portuguese menus. “Esta. This.”,We came to understand that we could only order off certain pages on certain days. It took us a little more time, but we finally figured out that what we had originally wanted was also on these pages. But in different forms or portions.,We enjoyed the uncomplimentary bread and olives as we waited. Then moved on to green vegetable soup, salmon steak, pork rounds and seafood stew. It was all delicious and paired well with some dry, red Portuguese wine.,“Look, it’s Garrett,” Alex said as we strolled through Liberty Square. He made the reference because of a friend back home by the same name. At the square’s northern end, just in front of the large City Hall, a monument honored the writer Almeida Garrett. They were also a poet, playwright, novelist, journalist and politician.,Walking from Liberty Square to Parca de Almeida Garrett, we stopped in an American restaurant. A place we typically avoid during visits to other countries.,“Nobody said McDonald’s,” I admitted, “but let’s take a break today.”,I’ll admit that we did not place an order as we had already enjoyed some local cuisine. However, we could see why this McDonald’s is often called the most beautiful McDonald’s in the world. It opened in 1995, in what used to be a famous coffee shop called Café Imperial.,The dining space dates to the 1930s, with stained glass windows by Portuguese artist Ricardo Leone. There were also crystal chandeliers, friezes designed by Moreira and an enormous bronze eagle perched atop a metal “McDonald’s” sign.,The most beautiful in the world? Perhaps. Although I remember visiting the McDonalds in Moscow back in the early 1990s and being stunned by the mosaic decorations and full decorative fountain inside.,You could tell the tourists from the locals by who was focused on the food and who was focused on the scenery. As we left, we saw the restaurant’s most enthusiastic customers—a trio of pigeons—feasting on fries on an outdoor table.,Although the monument to the great writer is in Liberty Square, there is an entire square named for Almeida Garrett just a short stroll from his monument. As we stood in the square looking around us, the diversity of the surrounding architecture was marvelous.,It included art deco and modern, gothic and arabesque, neoclassical and rococo. But the most impressive building here was the old Sao Bento Train Station.,The station still operates today, but this is a destination and not a portal for most of the visitors when we were there. People come to view the elaborate tile pictures in the main lobby. The tiled interior depicts modes of transportation and historic and festive scenes in huge tile murals that take up entire walls.,From the front balcony of the train station, we stopped and took another long look at the cityscape. This was our gateway into the Cathedral District. But first, a tower beckoned in the distance. ,About a ten-minute walk from Sao Bento Train Station stands the Tower of Clerics. It is one of the tallest buildings in Portugal and is made to seem even taller due to its hilltop location. Perhaps more amazing than its status is that it was built in the 18th century, before the modern age of sky-piercing buildings.,Climbing the 240 steps was a chore. But it paid off in scenic dividends with a view of Douro valley, river, coastline and city skyline.,The adjoining baroque Church of the Clergymen is also well worth a visit. Inside, we were surprised at some of the views offered, not only through the windows out but also the ones within.,The church also contains a museum that includes relics, artifacts, sculptures, paintings and jewelry. One room was filled with dozens of crucifix carvings and depictions. Another featured modern religious sketches and art.,After standing in the church and looking up at the altar, featuring an enormous scene of the crucifixion, we found ourselves upstairs, looking down from above the alter at the people looking up. It gave the impression of seeing the church from the crucified’s point of view.,Many visitors come to Porto, Portugal for the riverfront area. That certainly was an enjoyable distraction. But for us, the most interesting place to explore in Porto was the Cathedral District.,At the center is Se, or Porto Cathedral. Built in the 12th and 13th centuries, the massive fortress has been modified several times, now boasting a baroque portal. A striking, 13th-century rose window of stained glass lights up the darkened interior. The gothic cloisters are lined with tile and the courtyard features a stone fountain.,Terreiro da Se, a small square next to Se, features a Manueline pillory, as well as a great view of the city. And just next door, along the square, is the Episcopal Palace, or Bishop’s Palace, once home to the city’s bishops.,The museum within the baroque and rococo Bishop’s Palace is certainly worth a visit and was part of a combined ticket with the cathedral. Inside the palace are a beautiful grand staircase, domed ceiling, artwork, decorative tiles, antique furniture and decorative arts. The museum was a great supplement to the cathedral visit.,Just around the corner from the Bishop’s Palace and down a curving street, is Casa-Museu Guerra Junqueiro. This little museum is in the former home of the poet. He was a collector of ceramics, tapestries and curiosities, all of which are on display.,The collection was nice, but nicer still are the Portuguese poet’s words inscribed on his home’s wall:,“Upon the jagged leaf of a sycamore tree,,Which, like a scavenger, on stones and lava feeds,,The gentle Dawn, compassionate and divine,,Shed an ethereal tear, huge and crystalline.,So perfect and so limpid a tear that it appeared,From afar, a star, a diamond, when neared.,With his splendid retinue, a king passed that way,,Helmets, spears, bugles, thirty banners on display.,“My crown,” exclaimed the king, surveying the scene,,“Contains countless sapphires and gemstones that gleam,,Exquisite rubies of blood-red and gold,,Crystallized kisses of love set aglow.,There are pearl which are drops of immense agony,,Shed as tears by the Moon, frozen hard by the sea.,Yet diamonds and rubies and pearls from Ophir,,All this I’d forsake just to have you, oh tear.”,We had heard good things about Santa Clara Mannerist Church, a bit off the beaten path but still within the Cathedral District. We actually passed right by it more than once, wondering where it could be. Its modest exterior is hidden between a police station and a parking lot, behind a courtyard wall.,“Maybe this is it,” Nataliya said, pointing to an open doorway in the wall.,We entered the modest doorway to an even more modest courtyard. To the left, policemen walked in and out of a doorway. To the right, a glass door was surrounded by a stone façade with spiral columns and statuary. Sure enough, this was the entrance to the most remarkable interior in Porto.,Inside, Santa Clara’s walls, ceilings, altarpieces and chapels were covered in gold. The interior appears to be wood and stone. However, a historian pointed out that it is all carved wood, and the few areas that are not covered in gold are painted to look like stone and alabaster.,“I can prove it,” the historian said, requesting that we follow him to the upper level. There, he showed us an upper room that overlooked the church’s gilded interior. Here were individually carved benches, each with a face, animal, or another symbol of the seat’s owner carved upon it. There were also not-yet-restored altarpieces on display.,“Do you see the damage?” he asked “The entire church was infested with and damaged by termites. That is why we only reopened last year after being closed for five years of restoration.”,Indeed, the bare woodwork on the second floor was ridden with holes where termites had eaten away at the wood. After seeing the opulent interior below, it was hard to believe that it had been termite-damaged as well. Now, it looked perfect.,Once he saw that we were interested, the historian remained with us, joining us as we returned to the golden interior below for a closer look. The church was built in the early 1400s but was rebuilt several times.,The historian cracked a smile. “Santa Clara is the patron saint of good weather, so you can thank your pilgrimage to us here for the good weather we’re having today.”,The front altar and two long side walls of the church were covered in statuary, cherubs, angles, saints and decorations carved of wood.,“Santa Clara is the only church in Portugal that prominently features statues of two black saints,” he pointed out.,In one carving, Saint Francis of Assisi stands in purgatory, above the fires of hell and below Christ in heaven. Two women reach up from the flames to hold the bottom of his robe.,“He wants to go to heaven,” the historian said with a chuckle. “But, of course, he cannot resist the touch of women.”,I looked around at the gold-covered interior. “If this is what purgatory looks like, it’s not so bad.”,Leaving the Cathedral District does not mean leaving behind impressive churches. And St. Francis seems to have more than one gold-encrusted home in the city of Porto. Closer to the river, the gothic church of Sao Francisco was built in the 1300s. Its baroque interior is covered in more than 450 pounds of gold, primarily on the high altar, columns and pillars.,The church features catacombs and a vault of religious treasures. But, its highlight, on display in the center of one of the interior walls, is the Tree of Jesse, depicting the family tree of Jesus. Jesse is within the roots of the literal tree, with King David and Solomon in the lower branches.,Extending up the tree is Mary on one side and Joseph on the other. Jesus stands at the top of the tree. The entire tree is carved from wood. It was painted and gilded in the early 1700s.,Porto citizens of means worshipped wealth as well. As a testament to that other sort of worship stands Bolsa Palace, an old Commerce Palace that still operates as a chamber of commerce.,The guided tour of Bolsa Palace took us through the history of Porto’s commerce while showcasing the building’s impressive rooms.,Frescoes, tiled floors and ornate plasterwork decorate room after room throughout the palace. One room featured paintings of all the Chamber of Commerce presidents through the ages. Another room appeared to be made entirely of decorative dark wood but is actually painted plaster.,The crown of the palace is the Arabesque Room. Here are beautiful arabesque plaster, arches, domes and windows. It reminded me of the mosques of Dubai and Abu Dhabi. This is the room where they host diplomats and prime ministers.,In fact, the day prior to our visit, Bolsa Palace hosted an eastern European prime minister. The red carpet was still on the staircase from that visit. We took the far staircase but were sure to walk across that red carpet on the way.,Ribeira, Porto’s riverfront quarter, features twisted streets and arcades. Here you can find quaint hole-in-the-wall cafes, laundry hanging in the wind from upstairs apartment windows and shops that sell everything from groceries to cell phones to textiles.,We stopped in at a little yellow-awninged café for sandwiches and Super Bock beer (the number one choice in Portugal) to tide us over until dinner. Also, to fortify us for some fortified wine across the river.,Down at the side of the Douro River, the vibe becomes like that of a popular boardwalk. There are bustling outdoor restaurants serving food and drink plus crowds sitting on benches and strolling along the riverside. Bustling as the old city side of the river is, we preferred the less crowded far side. There we could find cafes, restaurants, street vendors, wine caves and port wine tastings.,There are ferries and boats that will take you from the north side of the river to the south and vice versa. But we opted to take the most scenic route—across the Luis I Bridge.,You can cross the bridge along the lower level, but more interesting is the top level, where it’s mostly foot traffic with an occasional tram running across the center. The Luis I Bridge was built in 1886 by an apprentice of Gustave Eiffel and is one of the most recognizable landmarks of the city.,The south side of the Douro is less crowded, but there are still plenty of cafes, restaurants, and shops to occupy your time.,Although a bit on the touristy side, Casa Portuguesa do Pastel de Bacalhau is worth a pop in. You’ll most certainly be walking past it if you’re on that side of the river.,The establishment manages to be stately, quirky and radiates a circus vibe all at once. As you walk along the river, you’ll know it when you hear the carnival-like organ music playing.,Walk in, and you’ll see an enormous library stocked full of antique books so high you may need to climb the rolling ladder to find the one you want. And if you’d like to relax on a leather bench to read, you’re welcome to do so.,For about 15 euros, you can order a glass of port and a traditional cheese-filled cod and potato cutlet made in front of you. The cheese comes from their sheep farm. Take a walk up the spiral staircase for a display of older port wines.,Then take a seat upstairs or downstairs to watch the live organ concert—more carnival than cathedral. When we were there, the organist was in absolute ABBA mode. We would have preferred Fado or the soft Portuguese pop we’d heard in the nearby market.,Despite the enormous and beautiful library, decked-out staff, ironwork spiral staircases and beautiful organ, it somehow has a freaky carnival feel to it.,“This looks like something that would be in Something Wicked This Way Comes,” my son said. After the spectacle, you get to keep your port wine glass to remember the experience. ,The egg-sized cod, potato and cheese cutlet wasn’t enough to make a meal, so we headed to one of the many restaurants along the south side of the river.,Unless you’re a vegetarian, a visit to Porto isn’t complete without trying their famous Franceshina sandwich. It is made of bread, cured ham, fresh sausage, steak and other roast meat.,Then it’s all covered with melted cheese and swims in a pool of hot spiced tomato and beer sauce and topped off with a fried egg. You may want to consult your doctor before trying one. It goes well with Super Bock or Portuguese Green Wine.,Fortified by a full meal, we were ready to sample Porto’s most famous export: port wine. In the same way that cognac and champagne only come from France, true port wine only comes from the Douro region.,Dozens of wine caves, cafes and restaurants offer port wine tastings where you can sample a number of them all in one sitting. We opted for an outdoor riverside café that allowed us to watch the river activity across the way as we slowly sipped our wines.,We were surprised at how generous the portions were. Each of us sampled five different types of port—red, white, rose, tawny and ruby. We also snacked  a light cheese and meat platter. The glasses lined up like a sticky rainbow in the sun.,“To the port in Porto,” I toasted with a ruby.,“And everything else in Porto, too,” Nataliya added.,Our days in Portugal’s second-largest city, from gold-filled churches to richly decorated palaces, cobblestone walks to riverside strolls, were coming to a close. This port wine sampling seemed a perfect dessert to our stay.,We all drank to that.,If you’re traveling from America, you’re most likely visiting Porto from Lisbon. High-speed trains from Lisbon to Porto are inexpensive—we paid less than $50 per ticket each way.,The trip takes about three hours. An internet search for Lisbon-Porto train tickets will give you a variety of options. You can also brave the station and buy your tickets there easily enough.,Porto has public transportation and taxis are inexpensive, especially if there are two or more people getting in. But we found the entire city walkable. The best way to discover not only the tourist sights but also the everyday life in a place like Porto is to walk from place to place.,Along the way take in the sights of hanging laundry, people playing cards in parks and carrying their groceries through the pedestrian streets. Having GPS on your phone helps, but old-fashioned maps still come in handy.,We stayed at Cetu Terrace Suites. You can find accommodations on sites like AirBnb or Booking.com. We prefer flats to hotels oftentimes; this was sort of in between and recommended. ,Author Bio: Eric D. Goodman is author of six books, the latest being Wrecks and Ruins, set in Baltimore and Lithuania. His Thriller, The Color of Jadeite is set in China. Learn more about Eric and his writing at www.EricDGoodman.com,Want to experience deep Japan in the most authentic and inspiring way possible? Plan an adventure through the wild north that is Iwate.   ,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Located in Tohoku – the northern area of Honshu, the main island of Japan, Iwate Prefecture might not be a familiar name to most travelers. It’s a pity to skip this lovely area on your next Japan trip, as this largest prefecture of the Tohoku region has tons of things to offer.,Iwate Prefecture has Morioka City as its capital and largest city, surrounded by Oshu City, Hanamaki City, and a number of smaller towns and cities facing Japan’s Pacific Ocean coast. Visitors can reach Tohoku and Iwate using the Tohoku Shinkansen departing from Tokyo Station.,While the majority of visitors to Japan tend to have Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto on their itinerary, Iwate Prefecture is a rising star for its undiscovered landscape of Japan. It’s also a land of incredible sights, inspiring people, and fascinating experiences.,Want to experience deep Japan in the most authentic and inspiring way possible? Plan an adventure through the wild north that is Iwate.   ,It’s a Buddhist temple in Hiraizumi Town in southern Iwate Prefecture where you can find the Konjikido, “Golden Hall”, a gold-covered pavilion built in the 12th century. This UNESCO World Heritage has different halls scattered around and connected by a forest path, where one can easily enjoy a sense of serenity that encompasses the area.,The historic complex is also one of the earliest designated National Treasures. Konjikido demonstrates the craftsmanship of that period featuring mother-of-pearl inlay work, openwork, and lacquer work. ,One should also visit the Sankozo Museum to learn about the local history and prosperity of the Oshu Fujiwara clan through precious cultural properties representing Eastern Japan’s Buddhist arts.,Tips: Ask for a guide to go along and help you explore this temple precinct. Friendly local guides with profound knowledge about the area will be your best travel partner.,Business Hours: 8:00-17:00, 8:30-16:30 in Nov-Mar,Admission fees: Adults: 800 yen, HS students: 500 yen, Junior HS students: 300 yen, Elementary students: 200 yen,How to get there: You can reach the temple via RunRun loop bus, 10 minutes from Hiraizumi Station,Dressing in a Kimono is not quite new to try. But how about get dressed by a group of kind and adorable grandmothers?,In the center of the prefecture, you’ll find Kanegasaki, a town of just 15,500 people living. In order to keep the town alive, the town hosts a locally-run cross-section of cultural experiences, from traditional kimono dressing to matcha making and calligraphy.,There, be sure to look out for their most interesting culture exchange activity – Kimono dressing with local grandmothers. If you know a bit of Japanese, it would be very nice to have a chat with them while being dressed.,After being dressed, you and your friends can take a stroll around the quaint and picturesque town, partake in learning calligraphy or join a tea ceremony in old traditional houses.,Business Hours: Varies depend on activities,How to get there: Kanegasaki Station is less than an hour away from Morioka Station on the Tohoku Line. Once you reached the area, お休み処　かみしも (Kamishimo resting spot) for Kimono dressing is 10 minutes away on foot. Other facilities are within walking area.,For those on the hunt for a little outdoor adventure, there’s a new scenic coastal trail that runs from Hachinohe City in Aomori Prefecture to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, passing through the coast of Iwate. ,In recent times, hiking, walking, cycling, and other kinds of activities associated with nature have grown in popularity. So for those who are looking for something new to enjoy, consider the Michinoku Coastal Trail. ,Taking its name from the ancient name of Tohoku, Michinoku weaves along some of Japan’s most striking coastlines, many of which are in Iwate. The trail is broken up into ‘sections’ to make the planning – and trekking – process a little more manageable.,If you don’t know where to begin, we’d suggest the Central to South Ofunato and Rikuzentakata sections, which offer both spectacular natural views, and showcase just how much the region has rebounded following the 2011 tsunami which tore through this area. ,The trail clocks in at over 1,000+ kilometers and is well-serviced by countless accommodation and restaurant offerings (to suit all budgets). For information on packing and planning, this website offers plenty of inspiration and information to get you started. ,Business Hours: While the area is open 24/7, it is recommended to finish your trek before it is getting dark. Plus, camping is only allowed in designated areas.,In the decade since this event, Kamaishi city has become one of northern Japan’s brightest shining stars of a city in the decade that has passed. Kamaishi was a host city for the 2019 Rugby World Cup, and the city itself has used the events to rethink their approach to showcasing the vibrant lives and gifts of the region. ,The team behind Kamaishi DMC (Destination Management Company) have reconceptualized what a city can be and have turned the town into what they call “Kamaishi Open Field Museum.”,Essentially, they want to turn the town into an immersive museum through experiences (like locally-run fishermen boat tours), events, and educational gatherings.,The goal of this ‘town as a museum’ concept is to educate travelers on what’s so great about the region while promoting sustainable tourism, both in the environmental and economic sense. If you want to learn more about how your holidays can positively impact society, then visit the Visit Kamaishi website for more information. ,A trip to Japan won’t be completed without having a soak in the hot spring bath. Iwate Prefecture is the home of Hanamaki Hot Springs Village, where 12 hot springs gush along the river that runs through the quiet mountains.,If you don’t know which one to choose, we suggest spending a night at Hanamaki Onsen Hotel Koyokan, a gigantic onsen facility that combines slightly retro-Japan charm with modern comforts and amenities.,A buffet dinner with cross-cultural food, a flower bath, and a small bakery in the adjacent area are some of the highlights of the stay.,How to get there: 13 minutes by car from Hanamaki station.,Need more details to plan your trip to Tohoku, read our part 2 here, or visit https://www.japan.travel/en/tohoku-colors/,Read about more destinations in our articles below:,Author bio: Lisa Wallin,A road trip from Barcelona to San Sebastian offers cultural richness, excellent gastronomy, distinctive landscapes and beautiful urban beaches.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,If you are spending some time in Spain and can hire a car, this road trip from Barcelona to San Sebastian is well-worth considering.,Barcelona is the second most visited city in the country, not far behind Madrid, the capital. It has the advantage of being located on the shores of the Mediterranean creating the perfect combination of beach and vibrant city.,San Sebastian is another beautiful city in Spain and taking a road trip from Barcelona to San Sebastian provides the perfect opportunity to see more of this part of the country. It’s a route with all the ingredients to make travelers fall in love with Spain.,Highlights include cultural richness, excellent and varied gastronomy, distinctive landscapes and some of the best urban beaches in the country.,Open to the Mediterranean Sea, modern and exciting, our starting point has become one of the most visited tourist destinations in Spain.,Perhaps it is because of the magic of Gaudi that floods the city. Or maybe it’s the blend of the charming historic center and the avant-garde and urban rhythm of modern neighborhoods.,Barcelona is a box of surprises, the city that never sleeps. It is the focus of new trends in the world of culture, fashion and gastronomy. In this city, the possibilities are almost endless.,A walk along the famous Ramblas, a trip to the Boqueria market or visits to lesser-known places such as the Carmel Bunkers. There is a bit of everything in this great city.,No one can leave Barcelona without visiting its monument par excellence, the Sagrada Familia. But Gaudi is not the only great name of modern art and architecture present in Barcelona. Dalí, Miro and Picasso were other artists who made Barcelona their muse and contributed to what it is today.,What is clear is that in this city full of light and life there will always be things to discover. That is why it is often said that everyone who visits Barcelona comes back at some point in their lives.,The first place you should stop on your journey from Barcelona to San Sebastian is about 2 hours away. That stop is Lleida, one of the four provincial capitals of Catalonia.,It is perhaps the most unknown of them all, often overshadowed by Barcelona or the Costa Brava. Perhaps that is because it’s located in the heart of the region, away from the sea.,However, it has a beautiful historic center protected by the river Segre and the hill of La Seu Vella, where the old cathedral is located. This hill is the center of the city and its highest point.,The Seu Vella Cathedral, known as the Old Cathedral, is the symbol of the Lleida. It is a Romanesque-Gothic temple from the 13th century. Climb its 300-step tower for unbeatable views of the city.,Lleida is a small city with great charm. It is characterized by its important historical and cultural heritage, the result of the different cultures that settled in the area. Also for its excellent gastronomy.,The star dish of the region is snails and many tourists come to the city specifically to try them. Since 1980, the city has been celebrating “La reunión del caracol de Lleida”, a gastronomic festival that has been declared a Festival of National Tourist Interest.,Another 1.5-hour journey from Lleida is the impressive city of Zaragoza. It is the capital of Aragon, one of the great cities of Spain and definitely worth a stop on the way from Barcelona to San Sebastian.,Often overlooked by the traveler’s eyes, Zaragoza has evolved over the last decades to become a dynamic and modern city. It sits within the triangle formed by Madrid, Barcelona and the Basque Country, three important places in Spain. Perhaps it is this privileged position, which has given it such dynamism.,Zaragoza has perfectly blended the traditional with the modern. Numerous cultures have coexisted in the city. This is why it has an infinite list of monuments, created at different times in its history. Romans, Muslims, Jews and Christians have all passed through the capital of the river Ebro leaving their mark.,The imposing Basilica del Pilar is the most important monument in Zaragoza and the largest Baroque temple in Spain. Its interior contains works of incalculable artistic value including two of its vaults which were painted by Goya. The city also has a museum dedicated to this master of Spanish painting.,The Aljafería Palace and the Salvador Cathedral are the other architectural jewels of the city.  It is also essential to stroll around the Tubo neighborhood which is known for the best tapas.,One hour further is Tudela, the second-largest city in Navarre after Zaragoza. Furthermore, it is one of the most important and interesting urban centers in the region. It is surrounded by the famous vegetable fields of La Ribera, where we find some of the best vegetables in the whole peninsula.,For this reason, gastronomy is a fundamental element of the city that no traveler should miss. Vegetables are the true protagonist of its dishes from the asparagus of Navarre to the red piquillo peppers.,Its strategic location, watered by the river Ebro and next to the Navarrese orchard, was the reason why Muslims, Jews and Mozarabs lived together for more than 400 years.,This mix is reflected today in a beautiful and varied cultural richness. Most of its attractions are concentrated in the compact old town and it is possible to visit it easily on foot in the morning.,A visit to Tudela can be combined with a visit to this fascinating place just 30 minutes away. This unique spot in Spain is reminiscent of parts of Arizona as it is a semi-desert, uninhabited area just 70 kilometers from the Pyrenees.,One of its main strengths is its geographical rarity. It is located in the center of the depression of the Ebro valley and here erosion has given rise to a characteristic landscape of abrupt relief and whimsical shapes.,Its fauna and flora seem more typical of the African continent than of the north of the Iberian Peninsula. Today you can find eagles, vultures, foxes, wildcats… a veritable oasis in the middle of the desert, only the other way round.,On the way from Barcelona to San Sebastián, it is worth making a stop in this city of medieval walls and rich gastronomy. Although it is world-famous for the Sanfermines, the capital of Navarre has much more to offer.,Pamplona has an important monumental and architectural ensemble with a mixture of Renaissance, Gothic and Neoclassical styles. However, it is also notable for its military architecture with the Citadel as the main feature, a Renaissance fortification for military use.,Its beautiful historic center is surrounded by medieval walls that have been declared a National Monument. The walls run for more than 5 kilometers offering unbeatable views of the city.,Its monumental heritage keeps up with its rich gastronomy, as Pamplona is synonymous with good food and quality market gardens. The old town is the perfect place to taste the different specialties of Navarrese gastronomy, such as piquillo peppers and asparagus.,We now enter the Basque Country to stop in the last city on our route: San Sebastian. This city boasts a circular bay framed by Mount Igueldo and the island of Santa Clara. It has historically attracted wealthy people in search of sun and sophistication.,This is precisely what made it famous during the Belle Epoque, a time when the Spanish royal family and the high European aristocracy summered in Donosti. The glamor can still be seen today in places such as the Victoria Eugenia Theater or La Perla Spa.,The elegant modernist promenade that runs along La Concha beach is probably the most famous sight in the city. La Concha is considered the most beautiful urban beach in Europe, adorned with luxurious mansions rising up the hill.,The Old Part of the city is full of charming, cobbled streets. Some of the places not to be missed are the Church of Santa Maria del Coro and the neoclassical Plaza de la Constitución, built around the old town hall.,This square preserves the numbering of the balconies as it was once a bullring. This is also the best area to enjoy the famous pintxos. In fact, it is known for having the highest concentration of bars in the world.,But it’s not all about pintxos. San Sebastián has achieved 11 Michelin stars in 6 restaurants, one of the most Michelin stars per capita in the world. However, this is not the only reason for its fame. It is also the venue for major international events such as the San Sebastian International Film Festival.,Start planning your trip to Barcelona, San Sebastian and everywhere in between today. Get prepared with knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant recommendations in each place and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Book even more adventures during your trip with fun activities in Barcelona, skip-the-line tickets for attractions, expert-led tours in San Sebastian and more through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,For the best flight deals, train tickets and car rental options, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,More helpful links:,Author Bio: Based in France, Lucia Otero Medraño is Spanish with a master’s degree in travel journalism. She has worked in the tourism sector but her true passion is to live enriching experiences and discover amazing places around the world and write about them. In her spare time, she likes to enjoy her second passion, music.,The neighborhood of Alfama, Lisbon is the oldest and most authentic in the city with winding cobblestone streets and charm on every corner.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Our favorite area to stay in Lisbon is Alfama. It’s as ancient as Lisbon itself, being the oldest neighborhood of the city, founded in 1200 BCE. The rustic neighborhood looks like something out of a sketch from centuries ago.,Historic apartment buildings with red-clay roofs are everywhere. Cobblestone side streets twist through the hillsides connecting little squares. Plus decorative tiles mark doorways and locals sell liquor from their windows—or hang laundry from them.,There’s more to Lisbon than Alfama, and certainly more impressive things to see. Some individual sights in Belem and other parts of the city are more impressive, but there’s just something about the authenticity of Alfama Lisbon.,Beneath the layer of tourism, we’re still walking on the same cobblestoned streets, up and down the same hills, through the same buildings that existed here before the great earthquake of 1775.,Other neighborhoods have been rebuilt after one disaster or another, but not Alfama. Moreso than in other parts of Lisbon, what you see in Alfama is what you would have seen 200 years ago.,Our first stop when we arrived at Lisbon’s Santa Apolonia Station around 9 am was a simple little cafe for Portuguese coffee and egg custard.,We reached it by crossing over the parking square, between the train station and the Military Museum’s decorative façade and walking through the sidewalk tables and yellow umbrellas.,This was our second visit to Lisbon and we were familiar with this little square and café. Our adult and teenage kids, Nicole and Alex, had been talking about egg custards for a while.,My wife, Nataliya, and I had been too, along with the strong Portuguese coffee. And we wanted to make this little hole-in-the-wall café our first destination.,Nothing exceptional, but special to us because of its simplicity. There was an old man at the counter serving coffee and pastries and locals were sitting and reading newspapers, drinking coffee and having quiet conversations.,With the help of a customer who spoke English and a bit of pointing, we ordered our strong Portuguese coffee, tea and pastries as we waited for our host, Carlos, to find us where he left us years before.,Carolos greeted us at the café and helped us with our bags as we walked just a few buildings down to his: a corner building at the roots of the Alfama.,The spacious flat stood right on the square across from Apolonia Station and next to the Military Museum. Located on the second floor, our flat included an entryway, office, three bedrooms, kitchen, dining room and bathroom. The building was historic on the outside but completely new on the inside.,This was one of a few flats that Carlos and his family had purchased to renovate as guest houses. Knowing that the biggest and fastest-growing industry in Lisbon today was tourism.,The busy cafés bustled below. From our bedroom window, we could see both the river and the statuary adorning the military museum beside us.,The Alfama brings to mind a sort of old-world San Francisco. There are steep hills and yellow and red trollies roll by regularly, twisting through the narrow, curvy, hilly streets.,These days they are filled more with tourists than local passengers. In fact, we’ve learned that it’s best to avoid hopping onto the popular Tram 28 unless you want to be taken for a ride.,Looking at the area today, it’s hard to believe that Alfama was once the wealthiest part of Lisbon. Fear of earthquakes motivated wealthy residents to flee to other areas. Ironic, since Alfama is the only neighborhood to survive the big earthquake.,Struggling fishermen and workers populated the Alfama in 1775 during the earthquake that saw the rest of Lisbon suffer. Their spirit lives in the neighborhood today.,Come to think of it, Alfama is much like that first café we wanted to hit upon returning. Nothing exceptional, but special to us because of its simplicity. Alfama is not necessarily magnificent or notable, but it is pleasing and comfortable in its authenticity.,The Military Museum was easy to find since it was just next to our flat. However,  it’s easy for anyone to find because it’s just across from Santa Apolonia’s train station. The building itself is a beautifully embellished 16th-century cannon foundry and weapons storehouse.,Today it showcases old cannons, weapons and military items from throughout the ages, from flints and spears to guns and cannons. Beautiful coats of arms and crests decorate the rooms and doorways.,The walls and ceilings of the rooms themselves look more like those of a palace than barracks. This Lisbon museum stands its ground against other museums in the city.,One such other museum is Casa dos Bicos or House of Diamonds. The former home of Nobel Prize-winning author Jose Saramango is now a museum dedicated to his work. The permanent exhibition of Saramango’s work, including multiple copies of his books in multiple languages, is impressive.,However, it’s the façade of the building, covered in diamond-shaped stones, a style popular in the 1500s, that most people find most interesting.,“What are we going to do now?” Nicole asked.,“Probably walk around some more,” Alex said.,One of our favorite things to do in Alfama Lisbon is to simply explore the winding streets without a map. Each time you set out for a stroll across the cobblestone you discover new things or are greeted by old favorites.,Like the hole-in-the-wall Gingija bar we visited every couple days during both visits. Just an open door, one table for two on the street, another table for two inside, and a small bar large enough for three people to stand at. People walk up and order their Gingija or Port, beer, wine, or coffee.,They have a quick drink and perhaps a short conversation, then pay the barkeep and move on. We enjoyed seeing the familiar, friendly faces behind the bar each time we returned for another refreshment.,“We made some regular friends last time we were here,” Nataliya reminisced. Many of the same locals, Brits, and other European visitors would show up each time we visited. After a few visits, sometimes the bartender would tell us what we wanted instead of the other way around.,A stroll through Alfama always features beautiful blue, yellow and full-color tiles, often hand-painted, decorating houses and buildings. The tiles displayed scenes of Fado, of historic figures, religious images, ships and battles. There was even a map of Alfama rendered in blue and white.,Sometimes you come across an entire courtyard filled with decorative tile and offering an amazing view of the city of Lisbon. An example of this is Miradouro de Santa Luiza—a terrace next to a church with a sweeping view over Alfama and the river.,You can usually find tourists here taking pictures. But also street musicians playing Portuguese Guitarra, old men playing cards and street artists selling their painted tiles and watercolors. ,Next to the terrace is the church that gives it its name: Santa Luiza, built in the 12th century. You just can’t miss the white façade with its striking red door. But the highlight of this church for most visitors, including us, is the blue and white tiles depicting historic scenes on the exterior wall in the terrace.,Just beyond the terrace, we visited the Museum of Decorative Arts, a nice little institute that has been preserving the traditions of Portuguese decorative arts since the 1950s. Here we took in the ceramics, textiles, porcelain, and of course, tile panels.,The museum guards often simply sit in chairs and tell people not to touch. However, here they offered to tell us about some of the interesting pieces of decorative furniture.,We even enjoyed a demonstration of how to apply gold leaf to woodwork. This was something that may come in handy as we consider refreshing some of our antique frames back home.,The Alfama is most known for its hilly streets, authentic architecture, sweeping views and old-world feel. But the other thing that struck us during our time in the neighborhood was the beautiful churches, featuring styles and scales as diverse as the people visiting them.,Lisbon’s cathedral is Se, built in 1150 on the site of an old mosque. Its twin bell towers and the rose window over the arched door between them characterize the Se Cathedral.,Perhaps not the best location, it was destroyed by earthquakes three times in the 14th century. And again, in the big one of 1755.,Inside, the carved tombs of 14th-century nobles show their stone bodies at rest on top. They are, clutching prayer books and have dogs resting or fighting for table scraps at their feet. The church features individual chapels, a gothic cloister and a treasury with relics, robes and silver.,The gleaming white dome of Santa Engracia, or Portugal’s National Pantheon, can’t be missed. Construction started on this Baroque monument in the 1600s but was not completed until 1966.,“Maybe this is where Gaudi was inspired to go with a hundred-year-plus timeline for building his Sagrada Familia in Barcelona,” I suggested. But the teenager didn’t roll his eyes for long—there was too much to see.,Inside, the enormous interior of Santa Engracia felt grand. The floor was tiled with multicolored marble and sun shone in through the cupola. On display were cenotaphs of Portuguese heroes, like Vasco da Gama and Alfonso de Albuquerque. ,We climbed the stairs, with a rest stop halfway up, for a view of the interior from above. Eventually, we came to the top, where we could walk out on the wide-open roof for an amazing view of the city and a close-up of the dome from the outside. It was extremely windy when we visited; I had to hold on to the hat that I removed when I entered the church.,Beware: in order to come back down, you must first return inside and walk around a narrow, circular passage that wraps the interior of the dome.,The railing is low, the balcony is high, and the path is narrow. Vertigo sufferers may want to sneak back down the up path. The view—inside and out—is worth it.,Back outside, not far from the Pantheon, is a community park. Here you can sit on a bench and enjoy a panoramic view. Or, use any of a number of exercise contraptions to work the muscles you haven’t been working while walking up and down the hills of Alfama. We tried out some of the metal machines in the park, just for fun.,We happened to be passing by this way at the right time. On Saturday and Thursday, there is a Feira da Ladra, or “thieves’ market.” It’s a sort of flea market, with some of the vendors regulars and others coming occasionally with their goods.,Nataliya found a great deal on a large, hand-painted ceramic pitcher from Coimbra. It was a fraction of what it would have cost new in one of the shops we had visited there. After such a steal, we felt the need to repent, so we decided to go back to church.,Santo Antonio church is built on the ground where the house of St. Anthony’s birth once stood. After the original church was destroyed in the big earthquake in the 1700s, local children crossed the community begging “a small coin for St. Anthony.” People parted with their coins to restore the church.,When we visited, coins continued to decorate the floor of the little chapel in the crypt. A blue and white tile depicts Pope John Paul II’s visit in 1995. It’s a small church, but you can’t miss it. A statue of St. Anthony with a child on his shoulder stands in front of it.,Or just pray to St. Anthony, the Patron Saint of lost things. He’s sure to help you find it.,Another church worth finding is Sao Vincente de Fora, noticeable for its off-white Italian Renaissance-style façade. St. Vincent is Lisbon’s patron saint, and his statue stands over the entrance.,A baroque canopy decorates the altar, and the monastery features a cloister with decorative tiles. An interesting highlight is the tomb of Carlos I with the stone statue of a woman praying before it, her clothing appearing real from certain angles.,A light rain began as we continued up the cobblestone paths toward the castle. It seemed like an appropriate time to storm the Castelo de Sao Jorge.,After retaking this mountaintop site from the Moors in 1147, the king transformed the citadel into a royal residence. Little remains of the original castle, rebuilt in the early 1900s to appear as it did during medieval times. But it’s still fun and interesting to explore.,We walked along the battlements, climbing the towers for great views. A terrace offered panoramic views of Lisbon and the river below.,Gardens populated with trees and peacocks made for a fun, lazy afternoon. The peacocks even perched in trees and strutted around outdoor cafes waiting for food—almost like beautiful pigeons.,Beside the castle is the charming little Torre Da Igreja do Castelo de Sao Jorge. It seemed to escape most tourists since it blended in with the neighborhood landscape. It’s not as polished as some tourist sights, but that gave it a more authentic feel.,The tour began as our guide poured us a Portuguese drink: port, liquor, beer, wine, or juice. I had a port, Nataliya tried a green wine, Nicole went with red and Alex had a Portuguese beer.,With our glasses in hand, we climbed the bell tower, where we took our time standing between the bells and enjoying the incredible view of the castle grounds from one side, the river from another and the rooftops of Lisbon from another.,Three bells hung in the four open arches. After enjoying the view—and our drinks—we returned to the base of the tower. We were then escorted to the old church that appeared to be a dusty relic itself from a time long passed.,A thick man in a suit stopped us as we began to enter the church. “No, this is not a tour site.”,“But we have tickets,” I said.,“This is a funeral,” he said.,The guide who sold us the tickets was quick to intervene, escorting us away from the main entrance of the working church and through another entry.,Fortunately, the church was empty and there was no funeral service taking place. But it did look like they might be preparing for one given the somber, darkened interior. We didn’t spend long in the church, but the visit to the bell tower was worth the visit.,Walking down from the castle area, a woman leaning in her upstairs apartment window yelled down at tourists who bumped her clothes that were hanging to dry below. Vendors stood on the edges of the cobblestone path, selling everything from painted tiles to paintings, sawed-out coins to cork purses and hats.,Continuing our stroll down from the castle, we entered the pleasant art gallery of Ukrainian-born Stepan Zaporozhan, where he served as a sort of living art installation himself, working on a painting in front of customers. Several half-finished works were scattered around him. And hundreds of completed works—oils, watercolors, tiles—hung on the walls.,His son greeted us when we entered and showed us around. Portuguese guitar-infused covers of songs by Paul Simon, Guns and Roses, and Leonard Cohen played softly in the background as we selected some art. We learned that he worked as a street artist himself for several years before earning enough to open his own gallery. ,“These are beautiful,” Nataliya complimented.,“A lot better than the factory-pressed ones out in the souvenir shops,” I said.,Alex browsed some of the postcard-sized limited prints. “Can I get one?”,As we picked out a few original items, we had a conversation about the current situation in Ukraine, his family still back home, and how fortunate he and his immediate family were to be in Lisbon during the war.,Before leaving the castle district, we stopped off for a snack on Tram 28. Not the actual tram, but a restaurant located within an old tram car, complete with diner-style booths and trolly-style bars.,“Too bad this thing doesn’t work,” Nicole said. “We could ride our way back down while we eat.”,“If it worked,” I said, “we probably would have ridden it up while we ate.”,Instead, we ate and walked our way back down the cobblestone path.,No stay in the Alfama is complete without experiencing fado. It’s hard to escape even if you try. Walking through the streets at night, you’ll hear the music wafting from open-doored restaurants and cafes at every corner.,Fado is like the Portuguese version of the blues. Many of the songs originate from a time when women sang sadly about their sailor husbands who never returned from sea.,But be careful stepping into a fado establishment without looking it over first. Otherwise, you may be wailing a fado-esque tune about the loss of your money.,While enjoying a fado concert is a wonderful experience, some fado restaurants are notorious for ripping people off. Food and drink at a fado restaurant will be two to three times what you pay for the same food elsewhere, and that’s to be expected as payment for the entertainment.,In fact, one fado restaurant that we went to accidentally gave us both a fado and non-fado menu, where everything was the same except for the prices. The people luring you in will tell you that the show is free if you have dinner, and it is worth overpaying for the food so that you can enjoy the music.,But we’ve learned to take a close look at our bill before paying because they may charge for the music they promised was being paid for by overpriced food.,Our friendly waiter was quick to put snacks on the table, some of them being snacks we didn’t want. So began a game of push and pull, moving them to the side and finding them back at the center. We had to make it clear that we didn’t want the things we didn’t want so they wouldn’t appear on our bill.,When traveling in another country, we usually prefer to pay in cash using the local currency—in this case, Euros. But sometimes it pays to use a credit card as a layer of protection. For fado and certain restaurants, we sometimes pay by card so we have the option of contesting the charge if we notice something wrong later.,Cashing out can be hectic with the loud music and dark room, or, in some cases, a rush of people leaving between sets or during a rushed closing time.,There are dozens of fado restaurants in Alfama ranging from shady to trendy. There are two that we really enjoyed, each offering a different experience.,For rustic, folksy experience, we enjoyed Tasca do Chico.,For a pricier, glitzier show-club experience, Clube de Fadois a good choice.,In either place, we expect the music and overall experience to take precedence over the food.,Another way to enjoy fado is at the Fado Museum, in front of a small square in Alfama, Lisbon. However, during our visit, there was little fado to be heard within the walls of the museum.,Exhibits of pictures, instruments, and video clips revealed the story of Fado’s history. Listening stations (at least the ones that worked) allowed us to put on headphones to hear samples.,The Fado Museum is worthwhile, but it’s not the best of the museums in Lisbon if time is limited, nor is it the best way to experience Fado.,The best way to learn about fado is to experience it in the air around you, in an authentic setting. To walk into a hole-in-the-wall restaurant, often owned by fado musicians themselves, and sit back and feel the soulful music.,As long as we remember to establish the price, refuse the unwanted snacks, and double-check the bill, a night of fado leaves us feeling much happier than the sad music would seem to imply.,Tourism has boomed in Lisbon, and even with the pandemic, we could see a difference between our visits in 2016 and 2022. The extra tourism dollars have created some more polished squares and posh restaurants.,However, the city still has a rustic, undiscovered feel to it compared to more widely visited cities in Europe. And a lower price tag to go with it. Plus there’s no shortage of places to stay as entrepreneurs have created a number of nice furnished apartments in historic buildings. ,We booked a nice-sized, three-bedroom flat with a kitchen for a week that cost less than a hotel. And wherever you are in Alfama, Lisbon you’re within walking distance of just about everything.  ,Vehicles are a commodity in Lisbon. Everything is within walking distance, and if you don’t feel like climbing the cobblestoned hills, there are trams, taxis, and even public elevators.,Taxis are inexpensive, especially if traveling with two or more people. Even to and from the airport, you’ll save money and get door-to-door service with a taxi if there are three or more., Author Bio: Eric D. Goodman is author of six books, the latest being Wrecks and Ruins, set in Baltimore and Lithuania. His thriller, The Color of Jadeite is set in China. Learn more about Eric and his writing at www.EricDGoodman.com,Cruising the autobahn in a sleek BMW adds excitement to a castle sightseeing trip.,Time flies when you’re zooming down the autobahns of Germany. Actually, I’m the one who’s flying. The speedometer on the BMW 745i reads 160 km/h (100 mph) and climbing, yet the car is so solid it barely feels like I’m going 60 miles per hour.,Audis and other BMWs pass us like we’re standing still. Since there are still no speed limits on some lesser-frequented German roads and the highway is smooth, I let the BMW do what it does best, and push the pedal down a little more.,Thankfully, my mom, who is in the passenger seat, has her eyes on the scene outside the window and not on my speedometer. The landscape is postcard perfect. Fertile farmland, cut bare from harvest, stretches across the horizon. Massive farm equipment dots the fields, farmers out preparing the fields for next season’s crop.,Overhead, the sun burns bright in a clear blue sky. It’s a beautiful day to be in Germany — especially with this gem of a car.,Unfortunately, this engineering marvel isn’t mine. The BMW belongs to my German friend, Torsten, who has graciously loaned it to my mother and me for our girls’ road-trip adventure. But this road trip is different; we have no maps. The car’s navigation system is our only guide.,After giving us a quick lesson on the car in the northern city of Hamburg , Torsten had wished us luck and sent us on our way. The car’s smooth female voice, speaking in High German, guided us through the busy streets. Though I had to brush up on my vocabulary (the German I learned attending school in Austria came in handy!), we were out of the city in just 45 minutes.,Our plan now is a five-day tour across Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (Mecklenburg–Western Pomerania), a German state that once belonged to East Germany. We’ll stay at castle hotels along the way.,Though it’s the sixth largest state, Mecklenburg-West Pomerania has only 1.7 million residents. Bordering the Baltic Sea and with hundreds of inland lakes, the area is a popular destination for European tourists. Strangely though, few Americans make it to this part of the country. It’s my first visit to this region as well, and I’m beginning to wonder why I haven’t discovered it before now.,Our first stop is the town of Schwerin, population 96,500, about 70 miles (112 km) east of Hamburg. The capital of Mecklenburg–Western Pomerania, Schwerin is famous for its fairy-tale-like castle on an island in the middle of Lake Schwerin.,With its golden towers and tall turrets, Schwerin Castle fits my ideal of a perfect castle. Once the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, the castle was converted into a palace in the 16th and 17th centuries. Our guide takes us from room to room, providing tales of long-gone nobility. Our necks strain looking at ceiling paintings, and our American minds spin with centuries of history that had previously been unknown to us.,Dazed with information overload, we step back into real life with a stop for lunch at Zum Stadtkrug, a local brew pub. Hans-Ulrich Trosien, the brewmaster, takes a few moments to talk with us, explaining the intricacies of beer making and offering samples of his rich, dark ale. Full of hearty German food, we head back to our trusty BMW to head to a castle of our own … at least for a few days.,After a few false turns in the dark country night, we finally locate Schloss Basthorst, 20 minutes outside Schwerin at the end of a tree-lined dirt road. Like many of the castles in former East Germany, Schloss Basthorst suffered decades of neglect under communist rule. Today, however, it has been lovingly renovated as a boutique hotel.,With its red brick and open-timbered rooms and the elegant air of a grand old lady, Schloss Basthorst is more of a grand manor than a castle. My mom and I share the place with a small group of German businessmen. The evening is so beautiful that they ditch the meeting rooms and talk by candlelight in the back gardens, the soft sound of their laughter floating up to our windows in the cool night air.,The next morning we head for Wismar, a small town on the Baltic Sea. A UNESCO World Heritage site, Wismar was founded in the 1220s, and it became a Hanseatic town in 1259. In 1632, the Swedish army conquered Wismar. The region remained under Swedish control for about 150 years, which accounts for the Nordic look in some of the local people, the annual Schwedenfest (Sweden Festival) and some Swedish words still in use today.,I learn all of this and more from Guenther Faust and Dallas Reese, our guides for the day. While Dallas, an English ex-pat, and my mom explore the town, I follow Guenther, who tries his best to explain the town’s history in basic German I can understand.,We explore the Church of Mary, with its 262-foot-tall (80 m) tower, and then wander through the ruins of St. George, a cathedral that met its doom with American bombs; its restoration is due to be completed in 2010. But my favorite stop is at a local bakery. Since I’ve been craving German pastries since we got here, the four of us circle a small outdoor table, and chat and laugh as we down tortes and Berliner (German doughnuts).,It’s soon time to hit the road again. After driving for two hours, passing only farms and small towns, we come to Schlosshotel Gutshaus Ludorf. Built in 1698 in Danish brick renaissance style, the hotel has an enviable location on the west bank of the Müritz River. Once a dilapidated clinic, the manor has been carefully restored by Keril and Manfred Achtenhagen.,In the process, they’ve uncovered several treasures, including historic ceiling murals found under layers of paint. Each of the manor’s 23 rooms is different, some with open-beamed ceilings. As with many hotels in Germany, our overnight fee includes a full continental breakfast each morning. My mom is pleased to find that, like most Germans we’ve met so far, our hotel hosts converse comfortably in English.,Gutshaus Ludorfis is across from the Müritz Nature Reserve, nicknamed “land of a thousand waters,” because of the huge number of lakes in the region. We pass bikers, hikers and boaters during an afternoon walk through the area. From there, we explore the nearby village of Ludorf, which probably consists of no more than 50 buildings. At the heart of the community is a rare octagonal church dating from the 14 th century. It’s so small I can walk the length of the church in 20 strides.,Later in the day we head to Waren, a charming town that has recreated itself since its communist days. Brightly painted homes, trendy cafes and shops line the cobblestoned pedestrian zone. We stop for ice cream and eat it outside in the warm sun. Our server is an Albanian, who loves living in this part of Germany — and I can see why. Waren is a very walkable city, with just enough size to have everything one would need to live in comfort.,From there, it’s off to the town of Klink, just a 40-minute drive away, for some fun on Lake Müritz. Tokon Sports specializes in group adventures, but they kindly take us for a speedboat tour of the lake. The town along the shore looks so small from this perspective, and it’s a thrill to speed across the water.,Tokon’s staff is young, so they barely remember this region under communist times. They have a fresh, optimistic outlook on their homeland, and I can’t help but enjoy their company.,They drop us off at Schlosshotel Klink, a huge, dreamlike castle that has been turned into a spa and resort. This castle has a more commercial bent, with wedding and meeting facilities for big groups. We dine on fresh fish, looking over the lake from the castle deck. It’s easy to feel like royalty from this vantage point.,We spend our last day in Güstrow, a picturesque town of 31,000 on the River Nebel, just an hour or so away. Like most former East German towns, parts of it have been carefully restored and updated, while other buildings are dilapidated, still searching for owners with the courage and money to restore them.,We tour the town center and then visit the grand Palace Güstrow, a museum that requires much more than the hour we can spend there. Built in 1589 in renaissance style, the castle was a residence for the dukes of Mecklenburg . It fell into disrepair during war and communist times; restoration began in 1963, and was completed in 1981.,At the city’s cathedral, a brick Gothic church built between 1226 and 1335, the most-visited attraction is Schwebende Engel (Hovering Angel), created by expressionist sculptor Ernst Barlach in 1926 as a tribute to the victims of World War I.,Afterward, we lunch with our guides, the Neubert sisters. The two were separated by the wall, one growing up in the West and the other in East Germany. The two spent many years separated by the wall, and Germany’s reunification brought their family back together.,Each time I visit Germany, I’m amazed by the changes — and this time is no exception. As my mom and I turn the car around to head back to Hamburg, we pass a lone German flag, perhaps 10 feet (3 m) in length, flying proudly from a window. The flag is a symbol that many countries take for granted, but Germans have always been cautious to display their love of country, for fear of dredging up its shameful Nazi past.,Yet it seems Germany has finally allowed itself to be proud of its hard-fought accomplishments — and what accomplishments they are. In the last few decades, they have brought two different countries and ideologies into one nation, the stronger half holding up the other until it could grow robust again on its own.,And having spent the last week visiting the towns of former East Germany and seeing this amazing progress first hand, I can’t help but be proud of their accomplishments, too.,If You Go,German Tourism
www.cometogermany.com,Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Tourism
www.auf-nach-mv.de,Schloss Basthorst
www.schloss-basthorst.de,Schlosshotel Gutshaus Ludorf
www.gutshaus-ludorf.de,Schlosshotel Klink
www.schlosshotel-klink.de, ,I liked your article. Planning my first trip to Northern Germany for next summer to see family and tour. We’ll start in Exten (just south of Bremen) My daughter wants to see castles and drink in German food and culture – any good ideas??,So glad you liked the article, and are planning a trip to Germany. The country is literally dotted with castles and fun places to visit. You might start your planning with a visit to http://www.germany.travel/en/index.html (the German tourism office). They have a lot of helpful information online. Happy travels!,With the Go City Pass, you’ll get to save money AND experience the top attractions in a destination — all in one pass,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Planning a vacation? Now you can experience the best attractions in cities around the world with a Go City Pass.,With Go City’s sightseeing passes, you can visit bucket list attractions, enjoy top tours, and discover plenty of hidden gems – all of which are handpicked by local experts. ,Plus, you can say goodbye to multiple entry fees and paper tickets. With Go City passes, it’s one price, one pass, and everything you need, right there on your phone.,The Go City Pass is an all-in-one pass to see a city’s most unforgettable attractions. Not only will it save you money, but you can check everything off your bucket list with the Go City Pass. You control what you want to see but all the best experiences are included with your Go City Pass.,Simply download the pass to your phone or print it out. Our digital guide and app even come with helpful tips, directions, bookings, and more. Simply scan your pass (on your mobile device or printed) at your chosen attraction and enjoy the experience.,Also, be sure to book early as some destinations fill up quickly.,The Go City Pass is available in cities across the globe. You can choose from 25+ destinations when you choose the Go City Pass. From Amsterdam to Bangkok, check to see if your city is included on our website. ,You are visiting Rome and want to see the Sistine Chapel, Colosseum, and St. Peter’s Basilica. The entrance fees for these places on their own would be about €100.00. You look up the cost of a 3-destination Go City Pass and find that the 3-destination pass costs €71.,The Go City Pass includes those destinations. You decide to buy the pass and save yourself €29, which can go towards 1-2 meals when you are out and about. With the Explorer Pass, you have 60 days to visit your chosen destinations.,This time you decide to go with the all-inclusive 3-day pass. You want to see everything Cancun has to offer. You made sure to reserve the Chichen Itza, Cenote & Valladolid Day Trip beforehand and you enjoy seeing the ancient ruins on Day 1.,On Day 2, you decide to do the Parasailing Adventure in Cancun and have an exciting day soaring above the water. On Day 3, you decide to do the Tulum Express Tour with Hotel Pickup and enjoy your time in Tulum.,For all 3 attractions, you would have paid $267 but because you got the 3-day all-inclusive Go City Pass, you only paid $206. You saved $61. ,Go City Passes are transforming the way you see and experience the world’s greatest destinations.,With Go City’s sightseeing passes, you can visit bucket list attractions, enjoy top tours, and discover plenty of hidden gems – all of which are handpicked by their local experts. ,Plus, you can say goodbye to multiple entry fees and paper tickets. With Go City, it’s one price, one pass, and everything you need, right there on your phone.,Official Contest Rules: Open to everyone. Must be 18 or older to win. No purchase is necessary. Contest ends April 30, 2022. ,Read about some of the cities in which you can use your Go City Pass:,Explore historic castles, scotch distilleries, picturesque mountain waterfalls, mysterious rock formations and more on a trip to the Isle of Arran, Scotland.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Nestled in the Firth of Clyde, just off the west coast of Scotland sits the Isle of Arran. It’s not a large island, around 20 miles long and 10 miles wide with one road around the coastline and a second cutting across the middle. But Arran packs so much into this little space that it’s referred to as Scotland in Miniature.,When visitors think of Scotland, they conjure up images of mountains, castles, waterfalls, distilleries and stone circles. The Isle of Arran has every single one of these and much more to share.,The Highland boundary fault runs right through the middle of the island leaving rugged, windswept mountains in the north and sweeping farmland and moors to the south.,Being an island, the most important thing you need to know about Arran is how to get there. Caledonian MacBrayne run two ferries, the most popular between Ardrossan on the mainland and Brodick. Ardrossan is only an hour from Glasgow and 2 hours from Edinburgh so very accessible.,Driving on and off the ferry is straightforward and unlike many other Scottish islands, Arran has well maintained dual-lane roads. If you are looking to travel by foot, then Ardrossan has a train station and the island is well serviced by local buses. ,The ferry to Arran only takes around an hour and must be booked in advance. A regular car costs £33.10 with adult passengers adding £8.20 each.,It wouldn’t be Scotland in miniature without some castles and the Isle of Arran is blessed with three, evenly spread out and showcasing completely different states. At the very south of the island, the remains of Kildonan Castle cling to a cliff overlooking the beach.,This once mighty stronghold of the MacDonalds was abandoned in the 16th century and is now barely more than a couple of crumbling walls.,At the very north of Arran, the ruined but still imposing Lochranza Castle stands on a little peninsula jutting out into a sea loch. Owned by Historic Scotland, visitors can explore the inside of this former Royal hunting lodge for free during the summer months.,Even from the outside, it’s easy to appreciate the picturesque setting. Just imagine a dozen longships pulled up on the beach next to the castle, ready to head off on another coastal raid.,The third of Arran’s fortresses is the thankfully intact Brodick Castle, still maintained as a grand residence by the National Trust for Scotland. Previously home to the Dukes of Hamilton, the castle history goes back as far as the 5th century.,Outside, the gardens are vast while inside tells the story of the 11th Duke, otherwise known as the most handsome man in Europe, and his Princess bride. Brodick Castle is open from May 1st to October 31st with Adult tickets costing £14.50.,The Isle of Arran is littered with prehistoric sites but there is one that eclipses the rest. The Machrie Moor Standing Stones are a collection of 6 stone circles of varying sizes, but all equally fascinating. This might be Scotland in miniature but some of the stones are enormous, towering almost 5 metres high.,If the size of the stones and their atmospheric location doesn’t take your breath away, then maybe the fact that these were raised by humans between 3500 and 5500 years ago will. We might never know exactly what each circle means, but the local community has come up with their own legends over the years.,Aside from the largest stones, sits a smaller double circle known as Fingal’s Cauldron Seat. A legendary Gaelic hero was said to use the stones as a base to cook his supper on.,His faithful dog Bran kept begging for scraps, so Fingal used a little hole in the corner of one stone to tie the hound up. Spend a little bit of time looking and you can still find that hole, worn smooth over thousands of years.,There is no charge to visit the standing stones, just a small car park off the main road and then a flat walk of around 30 minutes to the cluster of stone circles. ,Arran is blessed with some spectacularly underrated waterfalls, all just a short walk away. For a crashing double waterfall, head to Glenashdale near the south of the island. After a short hike, a wooden viewing platform appears, hanging over the edge to give the best aspect of the crashing water.,Follow the same circular path a little further uphill and Glenashdale has another surprise. In a clearing, with views out over the landscape are the remains of two Neolithic cairn burials known as the Giants’ Graves.,The name hints at the size of the monuments. If they were each built as stone coffins, then their inhabitants could have been 22 feet and 7 feet tall.,Further north, rather than a single large waterfall, North Glen Sannox is a low-level walk along the side of a series of tumbling falls. The further along the path you walk, the more impressive the features get and the more stunning the backdrop.,While the Fairy Pools on the Isle of Skye are regularly packed with visitors, this lesser-known walk on Arran is every bit as enjoyable but far more peaceful.,Glenashdale & The Giants’ Graves takes around 2 hours while North Glen Sannox takes around an hour and a half. Both walks are well signposted with large, free car parks.,As an island, it’s no surprise that Arran has a fascinating coastline. There are plenty of beaches and cliffs but nowhere is as interesting as King’s Cave. This is allegedly where the warrior King of Scots Robert the Bruce hid during the winter of 1306. The monarch had a rough start to his reign, almost immediately losing a series of battles and being forced into hiding like an outlaw.,A popular children’s story describes how the King was sitting in this cave on Arran, considering giving up the fight for Scotland when he saw a little spider. It was trying to make a web but every time it jumped from one strand to another, the spider fell and had to start again.,Eventually, the determined spider made the leap, finished the web and the King of Scots was inspired. Some believe this is the true origin of the phrase, “if at first you don’t succeed, try and try again.”,King’s Cave is a circular walk that takes around 2 hours. The gate at the entrance is no longer locked and the cave can be accessed all year round.,If you travelled to Scotland to sample some Scotch Whisky, then you have two options on the Isle of Arran. To the south, Lagg Distillery is too young for the spirit to be bottled and called true Scotch. Lochranza Distillery in the north however is already well established and award winning.,Book in for a tour of the whisky making process, enjoying the sights and more importantly the smells. This independent distillery is a past winner of Best Visitor Experience and after seeing how the spirit is made you can sit down and enjoy how it tastes.,There are different levels of tasting available and if you have a sweet tooth then book in for the whisky and chocolate pairing!,Tastings must be booked in advance. The classic costs £20 per person, lasting 1 hour 30 minutes while whisky and chocolate costs £15 per person, lasting 1 hour.,Start planning your Scottish island vacation today. Find the best hotel and VRBO options, local restaurant reviews, insider tips on must-see spots and more on TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Next, you can find seasonal promotions to save you money on flights and ground transportation through CheapOair. Be sure to protect your plans from flight cancellations, lost luggage, unexpected sickness and other issues with travel insurance from Squaremouth.,Author’s Bio: Graeme is the writer and storyteller behind Scotland’s Stories. In love with the history and folklore of Scotland, his mission is to share these stories in an engaging way to help people appreciate their travel more.,Beneath the sun-worshipping veneer of Durban is an alternate economy that draws on centuries of Zulu tribal tradition.,When Dave Charles was a small boy, his family moved from the city of Johannesburg to the countryside of Zululand and found him a nanny. His mother asked the Zulu woman if she spoke English.,“Yes,” she replied, and was hired on the spot. But “yes” was the only English word she knew, and so Dave Charles was raised in the Zulu vernacular. More than 40 years later, Dave knows that his love for one of the continent’s most intriguing cultures – unified by King Shaka in the early 1800s – and its language was a gift that few white South Africans ever receive.,He and his wife Sue moved to Zululand some years ago. Zululand or KwaZulu was one of the ten self-governing territories for different black ethnic groups (like the Xhosa, Ndebele or Zulu) within the “old” South Africa. These so called “Homelands” were established as part of the racial segregation policy of apartheid.,About 5.8 million people lived in Zululand, one of the larger territories. Ulundi was its capital. With the adoption of a democratic government, all Homelands ceased to exit on April 27, 2004, and were re-incorporated into modern South Africa as newly designated provinces. Today, Zululand is part of the province KwaZulu/Natal on the Indian Ocean. And the term Zululand is no longer political, but has a cultural meaning.,In Zululand, Sue opened “Ikon Afrika,” a décor and craft shop at “The Kingdom” near the picturesque town of Ballito, 30 miles (about 50 kilometres) north of Durban, a Zulu cultural centre located on an old sugar estate. And Dave ventured deep into Zululand to source authentic work.,But, following a trail of rumor, wood smoke and tradition, he came upon an astounding fact: the heart of true Zulu workmanship had moved to the Durban area, right under the sun-browned skin of this First World holiday city, known more for its beaches, high rise resorts and trendy nightclubs than for its Deep Zulu nature.,Nosing around Sue’s shop recently, I fell into a conversation with Dave about the cowhide shields and ceremonial spears on display.,“Look, if you’re interested, why don’t you come with me tomorrow?” he offered. “I’m going to see some craftsmen down Durban way.”,I accepted, little knowing I was to have the cultural experience of a lifetime.,When you drop off the coastal highway into KwaMashu, be prepared for a vast, technicolor township of millions that rivals the legendary Soweto in size and complexity. We drove, Dave and I, down ever-narrowing roads past mazes of mud shacks and wood huts, each connected to a spider’s web of overhead electric lines.,We passed a tumbledown strip mall of tuck shops, TV repair dens, shoe stalls, and a “steakhouse” where the barbecue fire had been lit and the cow awaited the chop. Eventually, we arrived at Bheki Biyela’s place, on the crest of a small hill.,If this were London, Bheki Biyela would have had a shingle out on Bond Street, saying “By Appointment to His Royal Majesty.” As a supplier of traditional garb to the Zulu Royal House, he is known to be one of the finest Zulu tailors in the country.,Outside his modest shack was a serval skin, stretched out on a rack. Inside Bheki’s place, there was a workroom, a bedroom – and little else. A stout Zulu man entered with the air of a regular customer and admired himself in a leopard skin mantle, usually reserved for royalty.,Three women who had seen our parked vehicle came by to show off their new “isixolos,” modern and lightweight versions of the wide red headdress worn by Zulu matrons.,Bheki displayed the striking new trend that has swept through the world of Zulu traditional garb: black and white suedette patterns with colored car reflectors inset, which is then worn with cat skin.,It’s tough on the local feline populations, but one gets the idea that “luiperdlap” (faux leopard skin) will never be a runaway item in this part of the world.,Along Musa Road in KwaMashu was a fruit stall festooned with dozens of fine bananas. I wanted a couple for breakfast, so we parked nearby. Out came the bubbling Petros Mkhwanazi, former boxing announcer for Radio Zulu and future guesthouse entrepreneur. Once Dave had done the introductions, Petros took us into his guest room, adorned with Zulu pin-up girls, local boxing greats, two dangling weaver’s nests and a row of ancient, crumbling South African banknotes.,“I know, I know”, he said, laughing. “I once buried that money to keep it safe.”,Into this tiny 2 x 3-m room (64 square feet), Petros had packed a world of comforts: a bed, a television set, a stove and a chair. The en-suite bathroom was basic, and I fear none but the bravest of travellers would book in at “Chez Mkhwanazi.”,However, I saw a tough overland writer like Paul Theroux dropping his pack here, settling in for a month and emerging with a best-selling “Inner Zulu” epic that would leave us South African writers shame-faced. And how much would Petros charge for a night at his place?,“Thirty Rands (US$ 4.50),” he said. “No, make that thirty five…”,We left KwaMashu and entered Durban from the north, passing fabric shops and the venerable Lion Match factory, stopping at the disused railway station in Umgeni Road. This is where Zulu women rule.,They’re mostly rural women weavers who trek in for a few weeks to sell their wares. They stay somewhere in the back of the building, and each morning they set up shop on the sidewalk, selling sleeping mats, black clay pots and Zulu cutlery. And they don’t haggle, as I soon found out.,“How much for this mat?” asked Dave, in his slow, amiable Zulu.,“Seventy Rands (US$ 10.50),” the seller replied.,“How about 60 Rands?”,“Seventy Rands.”,“Maybe 65?”,“Seventy Rands.”,“OK, then. We’ll take two.”,Dave Charles asked the women if they were safe here on Umgeni Road. Weren’t they worried that men would rob them?,“Let them come,” one of the women replied. “Then they will see what we do to them.”,Dave was looking for one James Bhengu, the best shield-maker in town. He works in a hostel near the docks, and during the 10 minutes we spent searching the building for him.,I felt extremely pale in a very dark world. But Dave’s language skill and easy manner relaxed everyone in the unlit corridors of this desperate place. James Bhengu was nowhere to be found.,We crossed over to the Dalton Road Skin Dealers, where it was a hive of industry. Zulu radio blared out from the stalls, which double as bedrooms and shops for the workmen inside. They were making spears, knobkerries, drums, shields and the entire array of traditional Zulu paraphernalia that you see the warriors wearing on TV at special occasions.,Here we found another Bhengu, a powerful, strong-featured man called Kay. He makes it all, from beautiful cowhide shields to nut-like objects worn at the end of a warrior’s penis – the “umncedo.” Dave provided a little light background:,“In the old days, a Zulu man could be considered fully dressed wearing only this little widget fitted onto his member. It is said that when King Shaka berated his advisors, all their umncedos would drop off at the same time.”,Our last stop of the morning was at the Victoria Street Muthi Market, a sprawling outdoor display on a bridge overpass with the Durban skyline in the background. This is the second economy of our country, Africa-to-Africa in full throttle.,More than 80 percent of all South Africans use traditional medicine at some time in their lives. Hundreds of metres of stalls were bunched up next to each other selling powders, roots, barks, shells, animal heads, skins of every description, sea beans, wings, feathers and other body parts – each with a specific medicinal purpose.,Dave was busy chatting with a woman about one of her potions. They were inspecting some “Zulu Viagra,” and it was a crowd-stopping passage involving ribald hand movements, raised eyebrows and much laughter. Everyone passing by had something to add to the conversation, and by the way they leered at me, I could see my old friend Dave was setting me up for a big sale.,I was right. The potions lady scooped together a package of twigs and fine brown powder into some newspaper wrapping and told me, via Mr Charles:,“One tablespoon if you’re brave, stirred into a glass of milk or a cup of soup. But make sure there’s a woman in your arms already, because this thing, it works fast…”,We finished off the tour with a seafood lunch at Splashes Restaurant, near the end of Point Road. By then, I had had the scales dropped from my eyes. After years of indigenous encounters around the world, from weekends in deepest Borneo with the erstwhile head-hunting Ibans, to throat-singing competitions in the middle of Mongolia’s Gobi Desert, I’d come upon a cultural product that has left me totally thrilled – and informed – at last.,And it was right here in South Africa – my own back yard. Over a second cold beer, I told Dave Charles as much.,“Oh,” he mused. “Do you really think people would like to come Zulu shopping with me?”,“Only the brave ones, Dave. And there’s quite a few of those.”,IF YOU GO,You can travel with Dave Charles to urban settlements around Durban in South Africa’s KwaZulu Natal Province to visit genuine Zulu shield makers, cobblers, spear makers and tailors of traditional Zulu apparel to find that particular piece you have always wanted.,Contact Dave Charles at Ikon Afrika,www.ikonafrika.co.za,Ballito Cultural Attractions,https://www.ballito.net/cultural.php,South Africa Tourism,https://www.southafrica.net, ,Could you please assist, i am looking for leopard skin hat, the one wearing by women for african methodist episcopal church its a uniform, the shape is round it is like indian cap,Göteborg once hosted ships from around the world. Today its shines with museums, award-winning restaurants and vintage boats.,Göteborg by the numbers: 481,410 inhabitants; one opera house; 25 theaters; 37 cinemas; 50,000 trees; 207 trams; 570 restaurants; two universities; 175 square meters of green space per citizen; one Poseidon statue; two market halls plus one fish market; 18 museums; one national orchestra; 5,000 roses in one rose garden; 157 cafés; 10,940 yearly ship moorings; 19 golf courses; more than 1 million departing from Göteborg at the turn of the 20th century, most bound for America —one-quarter of Sweden’s population at the time.,“Göteborg by the Numbers,” as the informational sheet I picked up from the tourist office was called, contained enough “gee whizzes” to pique my interest in Sweden’s second largest city (with a population of 485,000), located on the country’s west coast.,Who would not find immediately endearing a city that proudly boasts 207 trams? Such a civilized way to get about, and the ideal transport for those wanting to become acquainted with a city. And, ah, Göteborg’s green space–to–person ratio. A major city devoted to giving everyone plenty of elbow room — what a concept.,I began my explorations on foot on Kungsportsavenyn, commonly known as the “Avenyn” (The Avenue), Göteborg’s answer to Paris’ Champs Elysées. This long avenue with shops, numerous restaurants, cafés and pubs is the place to break for afternoon fika — coffee and cake — while taking in the passing parade.,On its southern end, Avenyn is anchored by Götasplatsen, the city’s cultural center, where the Konstmuseet (art museum), with its extensive collection of Scandinavian art, keeps company with the Konserthuset (concert hall), home to the city’s acclaimed symphony orchestra; the Stadsteatern (municipal theater) and the Stadsbiblioteket (municipal library).,In the center of Götasplatsen, the Poseidon Fountain is a work of art that caused much uproar at its installation over the god of the sea’s “manliness.” Whether the controversy was settled by enhancement or downsizing is today left up to viewers’ imaginations. Poseiden’s view of the city is magnificent, straight down Avenyn into the tangle of the old city with the wide sweep of Göteborg’s harbor beyond.,At the turn of the 20th century, those 1 million–plus Swedes walked down the cobbled streets of old town, carrying bundles of their worldly belongings as they made their way to the harbor to board ships bound for America. They would have walked past Kronhuset, Göteborg’s oldest preserved secular building, built as the town’s armory, in 1643. Today it anchors various craftsmen’s workshops, including a goldsmith and a glass blower.,At the harbor, cute-as-a-button, vintage passenger ships of the Göta Canal Steamship Company caught my eye. The vessel was among the 14 floating ships at the Sjöfartsmuseum (maritime museum). For more than 137 years these small boats have traversed the Göta Canal between Göteborg and Stockholm.,To my right, the opera house soared over the harbor, its bold, ship-like, contemporary architecture as much a draw as the world-class performances inside. Both the museum and the opera house emphasize that Göteborg is, and has always been, a city of the sea.,By the mid-1700s, Göteborg was a city to be reckoned with, an economic force made rich by traders and great merchant fleets, most notably the Swedish East India Company. The harbor then was filled with ships bound and returning from the four corners of the world. Even today, the name “East India Company” evokes images of exotic ports, holds laden with tea, spices, silk and porcelain.,Visitors can step back to that time at the City Museum, once home to the East India Company’s offices and vast warehouses. Although the museum displays cultural history from antiquity to the present, I was particularly interested in a floor dedicated to the company’s adventurous sea voyages to China.,Today Göteborg remains the biggest harbor in the Nordic region, handling almost a third of Sweden’s international trade.,While Stockholm plays hopscotch over 14 islands, Göteborg wears a necklace of canals that work admirably as directional signposts: “If I come to the second canal, I’ve gone too far.” While some of the canals have been filled in to become streets, those remaining are a reminder that it was the Dutch who built the city, at the request of Gustav II Adolf, in 1621.,A statue of Gustav II Adolf presides over a square outside Stadshuset (city hall.) The interior of the hall is an exquisite example of Sweden’s clean and simple design.,Water, too, provides a fine introduction to the city, via an open-air Paddan sightseeing boat, which follows the old city moat and canals into the harbor; plenty of lively tales are provided along the way. The tour ends where it begins, at the Kungsportsbron, the bridge where Avenyn disappears and the old city begins.,I, of course, had to take in at least several of those 18 museums tallied in Göteborg by the Numbers. Rohsska Museet, a museum of Swedish design and handicrafts, carries a rich mixture of furniture, glass, silver, china and textiles.,Other parts of the city are in themselves living museums, such as the 19th century worker’s district, Haga, just a five-minute walk from the city center. Haga’s pedestrian alleys are lined with shops dedicated to handicrafts and second-hand goods. One shop makes clogs that are so comfortable it was a temptation not to slip a pair on then and there and clomp off into the district’s cobblestone streets.,Haga’s cafés are known for their non-matching furnishings, red-checked cloths and second-hand settings. Those who love massive sticky buns should check out Kafé Husaren.,Across the canal from Haga is the 1874-built Feskekörka (fish church), which is not and never has been a church, but is so called because its architecture strongly resembles one. Inside, counter after counter is filled with the freshest and best pulled from the sea, arranged like works of art. An outstanding seafood restaurant, located in what the uninitiated might assume to be the choir loft, overlooks the bustle.,The availability of largesse from the sea is one reason that Göteborg is central to Västsvensk Mersmak (western Swedish flavor), an organization dedicated to the forging of partnerships between restaurants, chefs and purveyors of quality raw ingredients that are so readily plucked from the surrounding sea, forests and farms. As a result, Göteborg is fast gaining recognition as a European culinary epicenter.,As a result, point your finger to any one of those 570 restaurants and you’d probably not go wrong, especially given the fact that seven Göteborg chefs have been named winners of Sweden’s annual “chef of the year” award during the past decade, creating an eagerness for other Göteborg chefs to aim high. Four Göteborg restaurants are starred in the Guide Rouge (formerly Michelin Guide).,Fond Restaurang, Bar & Café, featuring Swedish traditional and modern foods by Chef Stefan Karlsson, located adjacent to the Poseidon Fountain, is one such restaurant. Other starred restaurants are Sjömagasinet, specializing in seafood, with a magnificent harbor view; 28+, serving international cuisine in an Old World setting; and Basement Restaurant & Bar, featuring 6- and 8-course tasting menus, in the center of town.,One would not expect to eat well at an amusement park, but I did at Hamnkrogen, a restaurant in the midst of the thrilling rides, lovely gardens and carnival attractions of Liseberg amusement park. The park is one of the largest tourist draws in Europe, with more than 3 million visitors a year.,It was at Hamnkrogen that I first sampled an excellent version of what is known as “West Coast salad,” a creamy lobster and shrimp mix, here topped with pearls of roe, which is ubiquitous all over western Sweden. Considered a perfect end to a Göteborg night out is a “Half Special,” a hot dog on mashed potatoes topped with West Coast salad — a treat I decided to forego.,Many of the city’s restaurants include sidewalk eating areas, with neatly folded blankets placed at the ready over the backs of chairs so that guests can wrap up should the weather be less than balmy. Göteborg is as well known for weather that results in dripping hair and droplets on eyelashes as it is for glorious days punctuated by plentiful sun, warm westerly winds and the cry of soaring seagulls.,At Smaka, a restaurant that takes classic country cooking to culinary heights, I bypassed blanket huddling in favor of dining inside on pickled herring presented three ways, followed by meatballs with mashed potatoes and lingonberries —traditional, hearty dishes to be savored on a drizzly night.,On a day punctuated by plentiful sun, I strolled the walkways of Trädgårdsforeningen, a 19th century park laid out along the old moat, which accounts for a good deal of the city’s elbow room; it’s also the place to admire the 5,000 rose bushes tallied in Göteborg by the Numbers.,There I came upon Restaurant Trädgar’n, where a lavish buffet of dozens of hot and cold offerings, including salmon four ways, was laid out on long, open tables — delicious, inexpensive and obviously a Göteborger favorite.,Hotels abound, as might be expected in a city that attracts millions for such sporting events as the 1995 world championships in athletics, held in venues that include Nya Ullevi, the largest outdoor stadium in Sweden.,I headquartered my stay at two: First at the four-star First Hotel G, improbably located inside the gorgeously renovated central train station with Ullevi but a free kick away, moving on to the recently renovated Elite Park Avenue Hotel, which enjoys an ideal location practically at the feet of the Poseidon Fountain on Avenyn.,I left Göteborg aboard a train from Central Station en route to Stockholm. As the train rushed into the countryside, I realized what a heartbreaker it is to leave this charming, sophisticated city.,If You Go,Göteborg Tourism Information,www.goteborg.se,Sweden Tourism Information,www.visitsweden.com, ,In Hawaii, aloha is more than just a friendly greeting. It’s a way of life. Head to the Hawaiian Islands to experience Hawaii’s unique, welcoming culture.,Aloha. It’s often the first word you hear when deplaning in Hawaii. It’s a charming way to be welcomed, especially when it’s accompanied by the gift of a lei. But in Hawaiian culture, aloha is more than just a friendly greeting. It’s a way of life.,Hawaiian Maleko Lorenzo explains it this way, “Aloha is love, happiness and being a good person. Sincere and spiritual, giving up for others must come from the heart. Respect and love grow from that.”,On a recent trip to Maui, I explored aloha’s meanings. I discovered that locals express aloha not just in their daily lives, but with their traditions. Take hula for example. It is more than just undulating gestures and chants. It tells a story. (See video: Authentic Hawaiian culture in Maui),Before Hawaiians had a written language, dances and chants related history, tradition and culture. Author Paul Theroux says hula is aloha in action by portraying love, respect and understanding. Its mele (songs) and oli (chants) also convey stories.,It hasn’t been easy for Hawaiians to maintain their way of life. When missionaries came around 1820, they did their best to stifle the Hawaiian language. Oral stories and songs passed down through the generations helped to preserve Hawaiian history and culture.,After Queen Lili`uokalani, the last reigning Hawaiian monarch, was overthrown by the Americans in 1893, Hawaiian culture was endangered. Three years later, the Hawaiian language was banned in schools. It wasn’t until 1986 that the prohibition was lifted. Today, the Hawaiian language is again taught in schools.,As a visitor, you may not hear full conversations in the Hawaiian language, but it’s a vibrant part of the culture. Most Hawaiian music is in the Hawaiian language, and music is an important part of life on the islands.,You’ll hear Hawaiian music on the radio, in restaurants and performed by live local bands, such as this beautiful piece: Hāwane Rios – Poliʻahu I Ke Kapu.,The Hawaiian language has 13 letters, and sounds melodic to the ears. Many street names  are in Hawaiian. Many commonly used Hawaiian words have become part of everyday spoken English in Hawaii.,The film, “Then There Were None,” chronicles Hawaiian history. It is shown at the Ritz-Carlton on Maui every Friday morning, from 9:30 to 11 am. It answers many questions you may have about the Hawaiian culture.,A third language is often heard in the Hawaiian Islands — Hawaiian Pidgin. This unique English creole was created in the 1850s in Maui among the immigrant workers who came to work the sugar cane fields. Immigrants came from China, Portugal and Japan, among others. Many who came to work in the islands knew no English.,Over time, the group of immigrants came up with a common language that is today known as Hawaiian pidgin. Although English and Hawaiian are the official languages of the state of Hawaii, many speak pidgin in everyday conversation. Listen to local advertising, and you’ll hear smatterings of it.,The early immigrants to Hawaii also shared many values that are still a part of Hawaiian society today. For example, elders and family are extremely important. Locals often greet their elders with a honi or kiss usually on the top of the forehead to say hello or goodbye.,One day, I spend time with Ka’anapali Beach Hotel guide, Kongbay Moua. He points out ancient burial grounds as we walk along the hotel’s soft sands. Soon our conversation focuses on the tradition of the lei.,“It is just not a flowered necklace,” he tells me, “but more like a ring of light, a sign of affection and a gift of aloha.”,Ka’anapali Beach Hotel offers lei making classes. Orchids and jasmine are strewn over the table. The delightful aroma of jasmine permeates the air around me. I learn that leis are created using a long-threaded needle that has a tiny hook at the end. The flowers are hooked on the string and pulled through the needle until enough are threaded to form a lovely flowered circle.,On another day, I speak with Clifford J. Nae’ole, the Ritz Carlton Hotel’s cultural adviser about aloha. He is patient, listens and like most Hawaiians, exudes a friendly warmth.,A former paniolo (Hawaiian cowboy), Nae’ole didn’t realize the importance of his Hawaiian roots until he spent some time on the mainland. Now Nae’ole believes it is more important to practice spirituality than adhere to religious customs. He tells me that now his church is nature instead of a building encased with stained-glass windows.,To him, aloha is the Golden Rule. It is about how fulfilled you are. He thinks of himself as a voyageur to aloha.,Another Hawaiian, Ho-Onui Villarmo, tells me, “Aloha means you don’t want to keep the negative. Nobody has time to bring in the negative. Bring your troubles to the ocean and leave them there. When the sun goes down, it takes everything away.” (Oh, if it were that easy for those of us that have not fully embraced aloha.),“Inner peace is what makes it all good. It is true friendliness,” he adds.,To foster trust, love and appreciation with the earth radiates positive energy. What a wonderful philosophy. If more of us thought this way, there would be more harmony in the world.,So, on your visit to Hawaii, be dazzled with its beautiful beaches, but just don’t soak up the rays. Talk to the people who call these beautiful islands home. Take time to listen to their stories. Ask questions and learn.  Find out about their way of life. You will likely come away with a better appreciation of these lovely people. It just might encourage you to embrace aloha., ,Seeing Angkor Wat at sunrise is something you’ll never forget. Here is one traveler’s experience at Cambodia’s most famous temple icon.,At 4 a.m. on a humid November morning, my alarm goes off. I wake with excitement brewing inside me. Today, I will visit the magnificent temples of Angkor. At this hour, I would expect to wake to tranquility and serenity, maybe even hear insects buzzing in the distance and surrounding leaves rustling under the whisper of a small breeze. This, however, is not the case in Siem Reap.,The weather is dry and the temperature cool, which means Siem Reap’s tourism population is high. Like me, it seems every other tourist looking for their next adventure has also risen early in hopes of discovering Angkor Wat before the onrush of other travelers.,Located in northern Cambodia, approximately a 45-minute drive north of Siem Reap, Angkor is home to the remains of the famous temples that served several Khmer Empires from the 9th to 15th centuries.,Known for their architectural style, the temples’ mysterious stone walls are decorated with intricate carvings and sculptures of mythical figures and stories that scholars and researchers still work to unravel. I want to see the famous temples for myself, so traveling to Angkor is a must.,Angkor Wat, the pride of many Khmers, is the only building to be displayed on any national flag. Built in the early 12th century, the Wat (the Khmer word for temple) shares over 160 mi² (414 km²) of land with many other glorious ancient temples, such as the Bayon and Baphuon temple, as well as the famous Ta Prohm.,I would soon realize that no professional photograph, no exchange in conversation and no detailed piece of writing could ever do these temples justice.,The sky of the early morning is pitch-black. The paucity of lamp posts would have made it difficult to make out the street if it weren’t for the slew of headlights from motorbikes, tuk-tuks, cars and tour buses. My tuk-tuk driver, whom I had booked the day before, frantically waves me over as he stands to the side waiting.,I can hear the sounds of engines roaring and the hum of people chit-chatting. My adrenaline is going and the race toward Angkor is on! Other vehicles are already passing as I hop in the back of the tuk-tuk. My driver kick-starts his bike, throws it into gear, and we are off.,Dust flies into my face as we whiz past competing vehicles. The dirt road puts up a valiant fight against the onslaught of tourists who are determined to make it to Angkor before sunrise. The sounds of motors running and horns honking add to the already chaotic morning.,I hold my breath to avoid inhaling the thick dust. I can feel tiny dirt particles building up in my formerly clean head of hair. Nevertheless, I am excited and more awake than I could ever have thought possible so early in the morning.,Suddenly, my tuk-tuk driver stops in the middle of what seems to be a large dirt field. He points to my right, where I can make out a large dark shadow in the distance. It is still dark outside, but I can see other tourists hurrying in that direction. I thank my driver for waiting and head off.,Along with hundreds of other tourists, I rush up the stone walkway toward the magnificent shadow ahead of me. I am on the grounds of Angkor Wat, where local monks from hundreds of years ago once prayed.,I feel a sense of intimidation washing over me as I walk past large shadows of unknown shapes. I can vaguely make out the temple’s silhouette as the sky above lethargically turns blue. People from all over the world scurry about the temple grounds, calling to fellow travelers to join them once the perfect viewpoint is claimed. I find my spot on a cool stone banister and wait for what is to come.,As the sun begins to rise, the intimidating shadows around us slowly disappear. The sun’s rays introduce us to one of the most beautiful masterpieces in southeast Asia – Angkor Wat. The temple is overwhelming in size, and even from a distance, I can make out the unfathomable detail on the five towers, or gopuras, rising above the entryways.,The chaotic buzz begins to drift off and I am suddenly surrounded by silence. We have all finished the race, and our prize is right in front of us. I sit, admiring the monumental buildings in tranquility and calmness. I look around in awe of what the light of dawn reveals. In the distance, I can finally hear those insects buzzing.,The canopy of leaves lightly rustles under a small breeze. As I gaze at the scenery around me, I think, “This is exactly what I wanted to wake up to.”,Author’s Bio: Ellen Wong recently graduated from Ryerson University with a degree specializing in Television and English. She believes traveling is a special experience that allows her to discover different cultures first-hand and to become globally aware. Her traveling adventures have only just begun and she can’t wait to see where she will end up next.,Drop in on a local to learn more about Japanese culture than any guidebook could reveal. And the lunch is good, too.,Visitors flock to the ancient Japanese city of Kyoto to take in its striking temples and shrines, its beautiful gardens and its palaces that evoke the era of the samarai. In the springtime these sites are bathed in the soft colors of cherry blossoms, while the musical talents of geisha are showcased in annual spring concerts.,But these are not what have repeatedly drawn me back to the city of Kyoto. When I lived in Japan as a junior high school teacher, my most enjoyable moments were the occasions when I was invited into the homes of friends and colleagues to experience Japanese culture up close and personal.,Whether it was learning how to make miso soup, trying on an exquisite kimono or participating in a traditional tea ceremony, this was the difference between visiting Japan and experiencing Japan.,On a recent visit with my mum (a first-time visitor to Japan), I was delighted to learn that the opportunity to learn and practice traditional Japanese culture and arts is available to Kyoto visitors via The Women’s Association of Kyoto.,The Women’s Association of Kyoto has scheduled us to meet with Mrs. Osawa one morning of our short stay in Kyoto. The group organizes personal and group classes in an array of Japanese arts and crafts that take place in the instructors’ own living rooms and kitchens.,The classes include ikebana (traditional flower arranging), tea ceremony, kimono wearing, origami, koto (Japanese zither), calligraphy and conversational Japanese. The lessons take on the feel of a mini homestay and allow repeat visitors like me to revisit favorite Japanese activities, and first time visitors, like my mum, to immerse themselves in Japanese culture in a comfortable and welcoming setting.,The home visits can accommodate up to four guests, while larger groups enjoy their lessons in conveniently located hotel banquet rooms or public facilities.,It is the one-on-one lessons in the privacy of a Kyoto home, however, that allow visitors not just a chance to learn a Japanese art form, but allow them a unique opportunity to experience a taste of Japanese home life.,This is how my mum and I found ourselves in the kitchen of Mrs. Osawa’s 4th floor apartment in an outer suburb of Kyoto.,I am dressed in an apron and attempting to mould perfect spheres of cooked rice as my host looks on approvingly. It’s a surprisingly intimate situation, given that Mrs. Osawa and I have only just met.,Mrs. Osawa, in her early 50s, is a self-described housewife with not an ounce of frump about her. Dressed casually yet with distinct style for our cooking lesson, her petite frame propels her about the kitchen with combined grace and speed as she guides us through each dish on the menu.,Our task during our 2 1/2-hour lesson is to learn the various dishes that make up the Shokado bento. A Shokado bento is the name attributed to the style of serving ware that the meal is presented in, traditionally a shallow, painted and lacquered wooden box that is divided into four separate compartments.,The box was named in honor of Shokado Shojo, a monk and painter from Japan’s early Edo period, in the 17th century.,Bento boxes are a popular dining choice throughout Japan. The divided compartments allow the box to accommodate warm and cold dishes, sweet and savory courses — essentially a banquet in a box. They can be found throughout Japan on restaurant menus, in department store food courts and at train stations; they’re perfect for a meal on an intercity bullet train.,Having enjoyed this meal (which includes courses of fish, beef, pickled vegetables, rice and soup) on many occasions, I was curious to learn what went into each of these delicious dishes.,But before we get down to cooking, Mrs. Osawa explains a set of elaborate origami paper models proudly displayed on her dining room cabinet in celebration of her daughter’s engagement and upcoming wedding.,They include an old couple, to wish the young couple a long life together, and bamboo and plum trees, to wish them strength and prosperity, respectively, for their new life.,As we commence our cooking lesson, Mrs. Osawa shares the fact that she had made such a lunch meal for her adult daughter every day since she was a school student, and only ceased the practice a week earlier.,As we prepared each of the dishes in turn, carefully cutting cucumbers and eggplants, delicately rolling a paper-thin omelet and vigorously squeezing seaweed, it comes to mind that perhaps our teacher’s joy at her daughter’s wedding is partially related to the retirement from this daily chore!,As the three of us talk and cook together, the lesson takes on not so much a class in Japanese cookery, but one of cultural exchange. Mrs. Osawa’s family stories spark tales from our own family life, and my mum’s initial shyness in being in a foreign country, in a foreign city and in a stranger’s home is replaced with engaging chatter and shared laugher.,In no time our dishes are ready, our Bento box assembled (those rice spheres came out a treat!), and we sit down in Mrs. Osawa’s dining room to enjoy the bento box lunch we have made together. Over our delicious meal and endless cups of tea we continue our conversation and learn more about life in Japan than any guidebook or tour guide could ever impart.,If You Go,The Women’s Association of Kyoto,www.wakjapan.com,Individual lessons range from 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 hours.,Kyoto Tourism,www.pref.kyoto.jp,Kyoto is an easy 2 1/2-hour journey by Shinkansen (bullet train) from Tokyo., ,Thank for sharing.
It is have a useful.,Customs around the globe often differ from what we’re used to. To avoid mishaps while traveling, it helps to learn what is considered polite – and what isn’t.,A visitor to Poland from Montreal, Canada was embarrassed after she admired the dishes on which a resident of Krakow served her dinner. Her hostess insisted that the traveler take the entire set of tableware home as a gift.,The traveler avoided doing so by saying that it would be too heavy to transport in her suitcase.,A man from Miami, Florida riding on a subway in London was surprised when he accidentally jostled a British passenger standing nearby — and that man apologized to the American.,Customs around the globe are often different from those we’re used to. Behavior that’s normal and acceptable at home can be perplexing, or even insulting, elsewhere. ,To avoid such mishaps while traveling internationally, it helps to learn what is considered polite – and what isn’t.,If the Canadian woman in Poland had done her homework, she would have known that admiring someone’s possession in that country may prompt the person to offer the item as a gift.,Many people are aware that good manners are very much alive and well in Great Britain. If you accidentally bump into someone, it’s considered polite to say that you’re sorry – even if the encounter isn’t your fault.,The challenge can begin even before a trip gets underway. It’s natural to pack clothes that are casual and comfortable. However, residents of some countries aren’t used to seeing visitors wearing shorts, flip flops and other attire that would be at home on a beach.,That’s especially true when entering a place of worship or another site that is considered sacred.,In some lands, a meet and greet often is accompanied by a kiss. People in Argentina may give a cheek kiss, while in Brazil, friends might exchange as many as three kisses on the cheek.,Depending upon where you are in France, the practice may call for one cheek kiss in the town of Brest, two in Toulouse and up to four in Nantes.,The custom of shaking hands reaches its pinnacle in Germany, where formality often reigns. When entering a room, it’s considered polite to shake hands with everyone who is there, including children.,On the other hand, bowing is the tradition in Japan when greeting or thanking someone, and it’s customary to bow lower if the other person is older or has a higher social status.,Some mishaps involve the hands and feet. In a number of Middle Eastern countries, the left hand may be used for bodily hygiene and is considered to be unclean.,As a result, shaking hands with your left hand is insulting.,It’s the feet that can cause a problem for visitors to various Arab, Muslim, Hindu and some other countries.,Because the feet are the lowest part of the body, they may be considered less than clean, so showing the soles of your shoes to another person also may be taken as an insult.,Another helpful hint involves when to arrive after being invited to dinner.,In the United States, it’s usually acceptable to arrive a few minutes after the appointed time, which is considered to be “fashionably late.”,In Germany, leaving other guests waiting is seen as a sign that you believe your time is more important than theirs.,On the other hand, in some Latin American cultures, no guests are expected to arrive at the precise time they were invited to a dinner party.,The practices that travelers encounter throughout the world include the entire alphabet of nations. Australia is one of several countries where passengers in taxicabs often share the front seat with the driver.,To climb into the back of the vehicle as most people in the U.S. do would be considered snobby.,Table manners are very important in Norway, where even a sandwich may be eaten with a knife and fork.  In Japan and South Korea, tipping is not customary.,Workers there take pride in doing their job well, and don’t believe that they need the added incentive of a tip.,In Russia, China, Thailand and the Philippines, an empty plate after a meal may be taken as an indication that you were not served enough food.,You may have to leave a bit as a signal that you’re satisfied.,Minding one’s manners in another country can be even more important when traveling for business. Demonstrating that you took the time to learn the local customs may help to make the sale or close the deal.,For example, business people in some countries who share a meal with a potential customer often discuss personal matters before they turn the conversation to work.,The local host may chat about his family, ask about yours and find out if you have any hobbies in common. Only then will the discussion turn to business.,One of the more enjoyable, if unusual, examples of mixing pleasure with business takes place in Finland, where relaxing in a sauna is part of the way of life for many people.,It’s not unusual for a meeting or sales presentation to be followed by an invitation to share a sauna with the host. If so, that may indicate that the discussion of business went well.,Whether planning a trip for business or pleasure, taking time to do a bit of advance research about the way things are done can add to the enjoyment, and avoid making mistakes.,You may search for information on the Internet or contact the tourist bureau of your destination.,Author Bio: After gallivanting throughout the United States and to more than 75 other countries around the world, and writing about what he sees, does and learns, Victor Block retains the travel bug. He firmly believes that travel is the best possible education, and claims he still has a lot to learn. He loves to explore new destinations and cultures, and his stories about them have won a number of writing awards.,Discover all the great things to do in Lexington, Kentucky including whiskey tasting, horse racing, historic sights and down home cooking.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,I peered down at what seemed like ordinary sod to me. “Er, where is the blue grass?” I queried the Lexington desk clerk. Kentucky is, after all, called the Bluegrass State.,“Ah,” she replied, “You look in the distance and there is a bluish tint to it.” Seems kind of iffy to name a state after such scant evidence, I thought to myself.,“It withers and dries up during hot weather” she continued, “It’s important because it puts minerals into the ground that the horses thrive on.”  ,Ok, so this made more sense to me. After all, Lexington is known as, the horse capital of the world.,One of the first things my husband Kent and I discovered is that the city is easy to navigate and experience all the things to do in Lexington. It is set up like a wheel with spokes, with main arterial roads running from downtown out into horse country. ,Ringing New Circle Road is the aptly named Man-O-War Blvd after one of the greatest racehorses in history.,Almost all of America’s bourbon, 95% according to the Kentucky Distillers Association, is produced in Kentucky. Kentucky bourbon is the largest export category of all U.S. spirits. They ship millions of gallons all over the world.     ,We decided to check out the Four Roses Distillery located within a 30-minute drive of Lexington.  A $5.00 fee included a comprehensive tour of how corn, rye, water and yeast become bourbon and a sampling of three different types. Oh, and you are invited to keep the whiskey glass.,The humidity was oppressive as we climbed the stairs to the fermenting vats.  We stuck a finger into the bubbling brew and licked the mixture. It was rather sweet at this point.,The typical grain mixture for bourbon, known as the mash, is a minimum of 51% corn, with the remainder being rye, wheat, malt and barley. ,A wee bit of history: the anti-alcohol temperance movement, led by Kentuckian Carrie A. Nation, took hold about 1890. By 1914 only 14 of the 120 counties remained wet, leaving Lexington a veritable oasis surrounded by a desert of dry counties.,Lexington is also home to a whole new way of eating as we discovered. The word, hardy, doesn’t even begin to scratch the surface.,We wanted “down-home” with unpretentious Kentucky flavor and we found it. Paper towels used as napkins, bottle cap bar stools, refreshing iced tea and the indomitable Kentucky Hot Brown all added to the experience.,Tip: Iced tea is offered in two forms: sweetened or plain. With the sweetened iced tea they have already added the sugar for you.,We began our culinary adventure with the Hot Kentucky Brown. This Kentucky classic features slices of ham and turkey covered with a variety of broiled cheeses.  Then, the whole thing is finished off with slices of bacon and a little sprinkling of parmesan.  ,The Hot Brown started in the Roaring ’20s when the Brown Hotel in Louisville came up with something to fuel all that dancing.  This gooey, stick-to-your-ribs treat has thrived ever since.,Just minutes after we left the city center we were amid the rolling hills of horse country. This is Bourbon County, one of the leading producers of thoroughbred horses in the world. We passed farm after farm with gated entrances sporting names such as Normandy Farm and Shalimar.,We even saw Taylor-Made Farms, ten minutes from Lexington center, where the Triple Crown winner, American Pharaoh spent part of his training.,There are more than fifty horse farms in the county and at least 10 hospitals devoted to horses in Lexington alone.,If you didn’t know this was horse country before arriving, signs stating “Horses Have Right of Way” and miniature stone jockeys decorating doorsteps would definitely give you a clue. Not to mention all the horse portraits adorning the walls of most hotels and restaurants. ,Kent and I also visited the Kentucky Horse Park where our daughter Suzanne is one of 182 volunteers.  She is a side walker for the Central Kentucky Riding for Hope program.,The program promotes equine therapy to improve the lives of those with physical and mental disabilities.,Four horses were trotting slowly around the track. Each had a lead walker controlling the horse and two side walkers assisting the participant. The walkers supply the rider with ankle holds, thigh holds, or just being by their side,“Riding builds up core muscles. This helps children to walk again. The movement of the horse is crucial to this.” Deborah, one of the trainers told us. “The children are taught to put their feet in the stirrups, hold the reins and turn right and left.” ,Deborah pointed out a wheelchair lift to help those who cannot get up on the horse on their own. If a child is unable to ride atop a horse, they are taught to drive the horse while sitting in a cart.,You can explore all the most exciting places in the Lexington horse country on the Horse Farm Tour & Keeneland Race Track Visit. Enjoy the countryside and the renowned Calmut Farms as you get a firsthand experience with the horses. Book your dates here.,Historic downtown Lexington is filled with 21st-century galleries, restaurants, boutiques and period architecture. Two of our favorite Period Homes are the Mary Todd Lincoln House and the Hunt Morgan House. Both exhibit pre-1840 architecture and furnishings.,The Mary Todd Lincoln House is located at 578 West Main Street. This was Mary’s childhood home and a place Lincoln visited. I was fascinated by her mourning dress laid out on her bed.,The nearby Hunt-Morgan House at 210 West Broadway, also houses a wonderful collection of pre-1840 artifacts. ,You can also tour the Ashland Henry Clay Estate to see how the famous Kentucky Political elite lived at the time. Find more information and book here.,Lexington’s Civil War Battlefields gave us a real feel for the soldiers, equipment and medical advances of the day. Camp Nelson, located at 6614 Danville Rd, was especially interesting.,Nicholasville provided the Union Army with over 10,000 African American soldiers. Many of the soldiers brought their families with them to Camp Nelson and eventually, the army established a refugee camp for them. Thousands of African Americans gained their freedom at Camp Nelson.,Also extremely informative are the Battle of Richmond Site (101 Battlefield Memorial Hwy) and the Battle of Perryville site (1825 Battlefield Rd.) ,When it was time to leave, we crossed the Kentucky River. Not by a bridge, but via the Valley View three-car ferry that has been in existence since 1780. Its glistening red paddlewheel churned water as overhanging cables guided it along for the two-minute free journey.,It is the oldest year-round ferry service in the United States.,Lodging: There are many places to stay in all price ranges. We especially enjoyed the La Quinta Inn and Suites 1920 Stanton Way, Lexington.,Restaurants: Here are three choices that are typical of Lexington cuisine. We liked them all., The Unusual:,Learn more about other hotel and VRBO options, tips on how to get around, local shops and more on TripAdvisor and Travelocity. Get all your transportation needs reserved together, from the best flights to car rentals, on Kiwi.,Author Bio:  Wynne has a master’s degree in Adult Education. Her work has appeared in: Travel and Leisure, Go World Travel, Alaskan Airline Magazine, Get Lost (Au) Yours (UK)  Air Force Times, Catholic Digest, Dallas Morning News, Birds and Blooms, Senior Living,San Antonio has traded in its spurs and chaps for a tight pair of jeans and stylish walking shoes.,It’s not just for cowboys anymore. San Antonio has traded in its spurs and chaps for a tight pair of jeans and stylish shoes. Don’t think San Antonio has changed too much, though — it still wears its customary cowboy hat.,But what was once the site of the revolution against Mexico is now a bustling metropolis full of history, art and culture. Every old and new cowboy is bound to find something that ropes him in. No less than six different flags have flown over San Antonio — French, Spanish, Mexican, Republic of Texas, Confederate and the Stars and Stripes. And while this is certainly a true American city, San Antonio still clings to its deep Spanish roots.,It’s a city exploding with rich history. Built around the Alamo, the site of the famous standoff between Texan revolutionaries and Mexican soldiers, San Antonio has preserved and cherished its dynamic history and has put out a welcome mat for visitors and natives to explore openly. Many cultures reside side-by-side in San Antonio, including Native Americans, Old Mexico, German immigrants, the Wild West, African-Americans and the Deep South, making this cosmopolitan city fresh with heritage and diversity.,Every turn brings new variety. Explore El Mercado, an authentic Mexican market, or take a riverboat cruise along the River Walk, San Antonio’s most famous attraction. Stroll through King William Historic District or marvel at the mission houses on the historic San Antonio Mission Trail. Whatever you do, there’s plenty of action, history and entertainment to be had in this distinct pocket of the world.,Friday,Four routes drop passengers off at major attractions, including the Alamo, the Spanish Governor’s Palace, La Villita, Sunset Station, the Southwest School of Art and Craft, the Institute of Texan Cultures, the King William Historic District and downtown shopping area. (More on each of these attractions later.) A new route has been added to accommodate tourists to several more cultural and entertaining destinations (Information center found at 260 E. Houston; 210-362-2020).San Antonio is the eighth largest city in the United States, so renting a car could be useful.,For most of your transportation needs though, VIA Streetcar is the way to go. Designed after authentic streetcars, this open-aired reproduction has traveled the streets of San Antonio for more than 50 years. Your first stop might be the Alamo Street Victorian Inn (951 S. Alamo St.; 210-212-5533; www.kwilliam.com).,Newly renovated, this 1896 landmark is tastefully decorated with second floor verandas, and has private baths with marble showers and whirlpool tubs. This quant bed and breakfast is conveniently located on the Trolley route just 15 minutes from downtown, and the River Walk, the Alamo and Convention Center are within walking distance.,If you’d rather stay at a hotel on the River Walk, try the elegant La Mansión del Rio (112 College Street; 800-292-7300; www.lamansion.com). With a rich history dating back to 1852, this beautifully restored hotel is an historic landmark. It’s conveniently located near downtown restaurants and many hot spots along River Walk. Take the VIA Streetcar to San Antonio’s most celebrated historical site, the Alamo (300 Alamo Plaza; 210-225-1391; www.thealamo.org).,Although originally built as a mission across the river from the tiny town of San Antonio, the city now surrounds the Alamo. This famous spot is where 189 defenders of Texas Independence from Mexico fought some 4,000 Mexican troops for 13 days.,Although the Mexican army won, many Texans believe this historical battle brought Texas its ultimate independence. The Alamo is the heart of the thriving city and is revered by locals as a sacred shrine. One hotel was denied its building plans when it was discovered its shadow might fall across the Alamo at certain times of day. The chapel, one of the most photographed facades in the nation, and the Long Barracks are all that remain of the original fort, making the Alamo much smaller than expected.,Monday through Saturday the Alamo is open from 9 a.m.-5:30 p.m. and 10 a.m.-5:30 p.m. on Sundays. Admission is free but donations are gladly accepted. To experience more of the historic mission houses in San Antonio, take the San Antonio Mission Trail along the San Antonio River.,Four mission houses reside here including Missions San José, San Juan, Espada and Concepción. Open year-round from 9:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m., this National Historic Park contains a number of cultural sites and natural resource areas. Mission San José (6701 San Jose Dr.; 210-932-1001) is the largest and best-known of the mission houses. The church is most notable for its carvings and is famous for the Rose Window, considered one of the finest pieces of Spanish colonial ornamentation in the country.,Enter through the historic Sunset Saloon and take pictures with the 1916 Steam Engine 794. Stay for dinner at Aldaco’s (100 Hoefgen; 210-222- 0561;  www.aldacos.net) and enjoy an MPO (Margarita Pour Off Queen) under the stars as the smooth sounds of Latin jazz fill the crisp night air.Last stop of  the day is Sunset Station, (1174 E. Commerce; 210-222- 9481; www.sunsent-station.com), the building of 1,000 lights. Built in 1902, this station is  famous for Sunset Limited, a train stop connecting San Francisco to New Orleans and San Antonio.  ,Saturday,Begin the day at El Mercado, or Market Square (514 W. Commerce; 210-207- 8600; www.tavernini.com), the largest Mexican marketplace outside of  Mexico. Open 10 a.m. -8 p.m. with free admission, Market Square boasts 32 shops built after the original design of Mexican marketplaces.,Bargain  shop for authentic crafts, clothes and food in multicolored shops and booths. Dance to the music of the mariachi bands and watch the colorful folklore  dancers swirl to the beat. Later, browse through 80 specialty shops in the Farmers Market Plaza.,Stop for lunch at Mi Tierra Café & Bakery for tempting fajitas or mouth-watering steak and enchiladas served with Spanish rice and refried beans (www.mitierracafe.com). Mi Tierra’s bakery tempts you with sweets, including sugar-coated cuernos (the Mexican croissant), snappy semitas (flat bread dusted with cinnamon, sugar and nuts) or delicate palmitas (a flaky, sugary pastry).,After shopping, tuck your bags away and get ready for a relaxing cruise on the San Antonio River. River Walk, or Paseo del Rio (www.thesanantonioriverwalk.com), is in the heart of the city and one of the largest tourist attractions in San Antonio.,Cobblestone walkways follow the peaceful river meandering down to the river-level restaurants and shops. Delight in a 35-minute narrated boat ride of the San Antonio River or experience a Mud Festival firsthand (Rio San Antonio Cruises; 800-417-4139 or 210-244-5700; www.sarivercruise.com). Enjoy a stroll through three miles of lush vegetation and towering trees.,Flag down a river taxi and take a ride to the Rivercenter, a three-level glass shopping complex filled with restaurants, shops and nightclubs.,Time for dinner? How ‘bout some real Texas barbeque? Try County Line Restaurant located on the River Walk (W. Crocket St.; 210-229-1941; www.countyline.com). Featuring an open-air bar, don’t forget to check out the inside decor with a funky Texas roadhouse atmosphere.,Coining the phrase “Get it all over ya’!” these people mean business. Home-style cookin’ Texas’ way, enjoy barbecue ribs with sliced franks, coleslaw, beans and bread. Don’t forget to order a frosty mug of beer or slushy margarita.,No trip to San Antonio would be complete without a jaunt through the King William Historic District. Found near the south bank of the San Antonio River, the district is 25 blocks of the most elegant residential buildings in the city. Established by German immigrants in the 1840’s, the main entry street was named after Kaiser Wilhelm I, King of Prussia, in the 1870’s.,After World War I, the name was changed but then changed back to the English name King William. Many literary figures have been associated with the area, including Sydney Lanier, Josephina Niggli, Naomi Shihab Nye and Sandra Cisneros.,Sunday At the end of King William Historic District is the Guenther House (205 E. Guenther; 210-227-1061 or 800-235-8186; www.guentherhouse.com). The founder of Pioneer Flour Mills, Carl Hilmar Guenther built the European-style home in 1860.,It’s the country’s oldest-working flour mill and features a museum with mill memorabilia and an outstanding restaurant. Eat the Champagne chicken enchiladas and gorge on real German pastries made with San Antonio River Mill mixes while unwinding outside under the terraced patio overlooking the San Antonio River.,The next district is La Villita, affectionately called Art in the Heart of San Antonio (418 Villita; 210-207-8610; www.lavillita.com). San Antonio’s first neighborhood, La Villita was originally a settlement of huts for Spanish soldiers. After a flood in 1819, adobe houses replaced the primitive huts.,Today this restored district is paved with cobblestone walkways and is home to a unique arts and crafts community. Filled with shops, museums, working artists and restaurants, the historic district is the new thriving art scene. Shops open 10:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m. daily with no admission.,Is the weekend really over? There’s not enough time to catch everything San Antonio has to offer. Check out www.sanantoniovisit.com for your next visit to the Lone Star State, and don’t forget the kids this time.,Who says you shouldn’t wake up at 3 a.m. for meditation and tea-making, even on vacation? Not these monks.,I was only a pace or two behind the monk when my crepe paper lotus lantern burst into flame. Oh good grief!,What the devil was I to do with this blazing ball of fire in such a sacred setting — an ancient Buddhist temple in Korea — where reverential silence and solemn tread were the watchwords during this dark night pilgrimage.,My Templestay was becoming a hazardous experience.,Templestays are all the rage in South Korea, where locals and tourists alike can tuck up into the forest-shrouded environs of hip-and-gable–roofed temples.,These places are storehouses of Korean cultural treasures, as well as bastions of traditional Zen meditation and a 1,600-year-old Buddhist philosophy unique to the Korean Peninsula.,There are an astonishing 73 temples dotted throughout South Korea that offer temple stays for Koreans and foreigners; about 18 of them offer stays for individuals. No less surprising is the program’s prosaic beginnings.,In 2002, when Korea hosted the World Cup soccer matches, housing was at a premium, and some temples, noted for their hospitality to those seeking shelter, put up a number of avid fans.,Thus Templestays were born, and they have become quite popular, especially with Koreans.,Foreign visitors are most welcome, too, and that’s what I and my gaggle of fellow travelers were doing at the 1,300-year-old Beomeosa Temple.,Located outside the port of Busan, in southeast Korea, it’s situated in a lush wisteria-tree forest north of the city.,The word “temple” is deceptive, for the sprawling grounds house numerous temple buildings, as well as 11 hermitages, perched on the hillsides of Geumjeong Mountain.,After we warily trudged up numerous stone stairs and went through three beautifully carved and painted gates, we were welcomed by a dozen volunteers.,They cheerfully guided us along a circuitous route to our sleeping/lecture quarters where we would snooze (not much!), participate in various ceremonies, and converse — with the aid of an interpreter — with Chief Instructor Hye Su, the monk who heads the Templestay program at Beomeosa.,The volunteers helped us into the fine gray broadcloth vests and pants also worn by the monks, giggling as they tied strips of the fabric round our ankles to secure the pants and a larger cloth round our waists, lapping the top of the trousers over the wide band. (Disrobing for a bathroom break was quite an event.),We were then given an etiquette lesson by one of the novice monks:,You always take off your shoes before entering any temple building; walk in single- or double-file, as instructed; try to keep silent, imitating the monks; and male and female guests always sleep apart, in separate buildings.,The monks have several sparse meals a day. Next on the agenda was our own monastic repast, rife with instructions and admonitions from Hyu Su, as we sat on cushions around the sides of a long rectangular room with a few volunteers in the center dispensing the food.,The fare was vegetarian and very mild, as spices of any kind could act as an aphrodisiac — obviously not the thing in a Buddhist temple.,We each had four dark-brown plastic bowls of varying sizes into which we placed rice, simmered or fried vegetables and seaweed, soup and water.,There was a good deal of ritual about which bowl held which item, whether a spoon or chopsticks should be used, silence — the spoken word and the clanking of utensils against dishes were no-no’s. ,And how you did your own washing up before the bowls were again placed one inside the other, ready for your next meal.,There was little time for contemplation as we were moved along to our next activity, participating in an evening worship service with the monks.,I found it hard to tear my eyes away from the lustrous gold Buddha seated in the lotus position upon the temple’s altar, surrounded by flowers and flickering candles.,And, all around the room were intricately carved and painted flowers — abundant in the decor of many temples because of the belief that flowers fall from heaven when the Buddha instructs.,A gentle jab from a volunteer alerted me that I was to follow the actions of the monk in front of the altar who kneeled, slid forward on his face, raised his arms, palms up, to heaven, slid back on his knees, stood and then clasped hands to breastbone.,This went on a number of times, a sonorous chanting filling the elaborate room with a ringing spiritual accord from the monks, and accompanying creaks and groans from my group’s strained ligaments, backs and knees as the constant bobbing and weaving took their toll.,It was a relief to emerge into the crisp night air, slip feet into shoes and stretch cramped muscles.,We trundled, in the usual two-by-two lineup, back to our assigned abode, where a craft session was to take place which could include prayer-bead making, woodblock-print making, stone rubbings, and — for us — the manufacture of delicate lotus lanterns.,Seated on the floor — volunteers at the ready with helpful advice, crepe paper petals, glue sticks and paper cups.,We commenced fashioning what would become colorful lanterns when a candle was inserted through the bottom of the cup.,I watched our monk, who was extremely adept at making lotus lanterns.,Abruptly, we were told to put on our coats and shoes and follow the monk outside while clutching our prized craft projects, which were then lit.,In silent procession we shuffled down a rocky hill in the dark and headed, up and down steps, to a courtyard surrounded by temples barely visible save for our lantern light and masses of sparkling stars above.,That was when my creation went up in flames. The monk paced back toward me, indicated I should throw my lantern on the ground, raised his robes, and vigorously stomped it out.,The serene expression on his face never changed as he quietly handed me his “perfect” lotus lantern, then returned to the head of the line and moved on. (I prayed I wouldn’t set my new lantern alight and disgrace myself further, and this time my luck held.),We circled the courtyard three times at the behest of the monk, doing something he delightfully called “learning in the moon.”,Whatever it was, it was magical as our monk’s clothes slapped against our legs, and magenta and yellow and burnt-orange crepe paper lanterns slanted shafts of light on the hoary old temples surrounding us.,But there was more to come. Back at our place of residence, we found tea-making paraphernalia had been placed round the room in front of our mats and cushions.,“Tea break and talk” proved illuminating, as the monk led us through the intricacies of making the tea, holding the delicate cups and sipping the fragrant brew.,He also engaged us in conversation, espousing a sort of “know thyself” philosophy. “If you can’t find your mind, you will be deceived by your desires,” he postulated.,Finally it was time for rest and repose, the men sent off to another building to snatch a few winks before we would be awakened — as are the monks — at 3 a.m.,We women (as did the men) dug out the snacks our guide had advised us to bring, and dipped into such unholy edibles as Oreos, Snickers bars, potato chips and chocolate-chip cookies. Alas, the flesh — our flesh — was weak.,Though the night was cold, the heated floor under our thin mats kept us toasty till the lights abruptly went on at three o’clock and we groggily arose, knowing there was precious little time to use the nearby restroom and brush a tooth.,Stumbling out into the dark, we joined the men and tromped double-file to a courtyard which housed the handsome two-storied, open-sided bell tower containing an ancient temple bell, drum, bronze gong and wooden fish-shaped gong.,Three able monks attacked these musical instruments with gusto, making the mountain ring with their joyful noise.,We then repeated the prayer ceremony of the night before, returning to our quarters by four o’clock for Zen meditation.,Our monk spoke in parables and finally told us, “The beginning of life and death is not controlled by God or Buddha, it is controlled by you, yourself.”,By now, though interested in his discourse, I could not control my cramped legs and thighs, and squirmed while endeavoring to enjoy this very early morning exchange of ideas.,Finally, we were asked to face the wall and “try and find ourselves” through meditation and contemplation.,Then, in the early dawn, we followed the monk to several temples, where we prayed or sat in contemplation.,Finally able to glance about at the Buddha figures sheathed in gold with their Mona Lisa smiles and knowing eyes that seemed to follow you wherever you moved, stood or sat.,I was glad to be decanted into the out-of-doors at 6 a.m. for a walk to our second monastic meal — a replica of the first evening’s, yet a little more comfortable, as we knew the ropes.,Back at our quarters we found a monk awaiting us who was the master of martial arts at Beomeosa. This form of Buddhist martial arts, practiced by monks in Korea, is called bulmudo.,Their skills are legendary, and we were lucky enough to have two martial artists on hand who, following the monk’s instructions, demonstrated some of the forms, with us following along as best we could.,Our instructor monk, Hye Su, finally bade us goodbye, and we climbed back down the stone stairs leading under the temple’s three gates to our bus.,We were touched to learn that the monks, fearing we had not had enough to eat (I sheepishly recalled the Oreos), had supplied our driver with a box of bananas and milk to tide us over on our journey back into the secular world.,I clutched the monk’s perfect lotus lantern and hoped that it would inspire me to “try and find my life.” Well, one of these days.,Eighteen of the 73 Templestay programs are open to individuals; of these temples, several have English translators. Upon request, other temples can also accommodate individuals.,The required minimum stay is one night/two days, with the exception of Jogyesa, in Seoul, which allows for half-day stays on the second and fourth Saturday of each month.,At present, the half-day Templestay costs approximately $25; temples generally charge around $70 for one night/two day stays, which includes meals.,Reservations are required. Children are welcome, and there are family programs, as well.,Templestay Information,www.templestaykorea.com,Korea Tourism Organization,www.tour2korea.com,Colonia del Sacramento, Uraguay is best known for Barrio Histórico, a cobblestoned historic region that was a former Portuguese settlement.,Let’s face it, there are name-dropper travelers among us. People who love to utter things like, “Oh yes, when I was in Nepal, that was just before I headed down to Bhutan … ,” aiming to burnish their reputations as intrepid seekers of the most unusual travel destinations in the world.,If one finds oneself in Buenos Aires, a truly hot destination these days, it’s indeed tempting to consider a ferry ride across the Rio de la Plata, which separates Argentina from Uruguay, to the town of Colonia del Sacramento for another stamp in the old passport.,On a past visit to Buenos Aires, I came across the Buquebus ferry brochure in a travel agency for an excursion to Colonia del Sacramento (commonly called Colonia). Buquebus’ price for the round trip was 95 pesos, or $US 24. This was on the “slow boat,” which takes three hours one way. (Ferrylineas’ hydrofoil makes the crossing in 45 minutes, but it costs about three times as much.),The Buquebus price suited my time and budget, and so it was that I found myself at Buenos Aires’ Port Madero for a scheduled 8 a.m. departure.,Unfortunately, it was a Friday, when Uruguayans who work (for the better wages) in Buenos Aires head home in large numbers. The terminal was packed, with two passenger checkpoints, so we didn’t leave till 8:45.,We arrived in Colonia just before noon, and a bilingual guide promptly whisked us four tour-takers into a tour bus. Our first stop was lunch at the elegant Sarao, where we had a delicious minestrone-style soup, a fish fillet fried in a light batter accompanied by tomato slices and lettuce, and a wonderfully light and airy flan.,After a brief whirl about “modern” Colonia, with its 1960s vehicles plying London plane tree-lined streets (which made me think of Havana) and modest pastel stucco houses, we made the obligatory stop at a local souvenir vendor, where we perused handmade straw figures, brightly colored textiles and hand-woven shawls.,Our next stop was the historic section of the city, the Barrio Histórico, on a peninsula jutting into the Rio del la Plata (River of Silver). This old Portuguese settlement dates to about 1680, and has been designated a World Heritage City by UNESCO.,Exploring its broad cobblestone streets made me feel transported back to long-forgotten times. The Spanish took over the port town in the mid-1700s. An old fort, still with some cannons on the ramparts, is nearby, facing the water.,Many of the centuries-old stone buildings and houses, set alongside charming cobblestone streets, have survived well. Our small group strolled about the pleasant Plaza Mayor, letting it all sink in. The Spanish Colonial-style Iglesia Matriz, from the 1600s, is one of the oldest churches in the country. Its twin high white towers frame a central nave.,The Museo Portugués, housed in a late 17th-century house, features artists’ renderings of everyday life in the mid-1500s colony, which was apparently virtually identical to the details of a similar small town back in the settlers’ native Portugal.,Life-size figures of colonial soldiers garbed in handsome black-and-gold uniforms with three-cornered hats helped to re-create the sense of history.,The Museo Municipal features roomfuls of fine period furniture, including one with a magnificent golden harp. It also showcases numerous colonial documents, and implements such as agricultural tools used by the early settlers.,After absorbing old Colonia’s atmosphere, we still had more than two hours before the ferry was scheduled to depart. At Lo de Renata, a pleasant restaurant with a shaded outdoor patio, we sipped cold Uruguayan beer while two friendly dogs lolled about in the afternoon sun.,During the trip back across the Plata, I reflected on my quickie international foray. The price was certainly right: less than $ US 35, which included a couple of small mementos — a perky little blue-and-white tiled turtle with “Colonia, Uruguay” painted on its back and a portfolio of Barrio Histórico postcards.,Colonia del Sacramento, with its well-preserved slice of colonial life on easy display, had offered a fascinating glimpse of long-ago life.,Then there was that name-dropping thing and the new stamp in the old passport …,www.visit-uruguay.com,Santorini is a beautiful and ancient city, with picturesque beaches and bold wines. Here are some top things to do in Santorini, Greece.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Santorini’s houses are instantly recognizable around the world: white buildings featuring blue domes and doors, topped on the colorful cliffs. That’s the scene that appears most often when you google Santorini, a beautiful island in the Cyclades.,Thousands of years ago, the powerful volcanic eruption separated one big island Thera into several smaller ones such as Santorini, Nea Kameni, and Thirassia.,These islands are also in the center of the Southern Aegean Volcanic Arc. Despite being dormant for quite a while, the Volcano of Santorini is still considered an active volcano. ,Today, these volcanic islands, surrounded by the Aegean Sea, are among the most popular Greek islands and the most desirable honeymoon destination in Europe.,From the Greece capital Athens you can get to Santorini by plane or ferryboat. Many European airports also have direct flights to Santorini’s airport during the summer season.,In addition to characteristic white houses, usually accompanied by blue doors and windows, in Santorini, you can find luxury hotels with pools, pretty villages, stunning beaches, and multiple vineyards.,We recommend going on wine tasting and sailing tours. Also, an excellent way to learn more about Santorini is by exploring the ancient archaeological sites Akrotiri and Thera.,Here are the top things to do in Santorini.,Did you know that “Thera” is the ancient name of Santorini? Today’s name Santorini appeared in the Middle Ages, courtesy of the Venetians.,Ancient Thera is an archaeological site where you can see the Agora, theatre, gymnasium, and temples. This ancient village was founded in the 9th Century BC, so there are relics from the Hellenic, Roman, and Byzantine periods.,You can reach the Ancient Thera by bus or car from Kamari. The site is open from 8 AM to 3 PM, every day except Monday, and the ticket will only cost you 4 euros per person.,Stroll this archeological site lightly and enjoy breathtaking views of the Aegean Sea.,Amoudi Bay is a tiny fishing village situated 300 steps below Oia. That amazing place is surrounded by red volcanic rocks and the Aegean Sea. It is well-known for tavernas and restaurants with fresh food.,We recommend you to visit Amoudi Bay in the late afternoon and enjoy delicious Mediterranean cuisine at sunset. You will enjoy the chilling ambiance, great food, and spectacular views. Ammoudi Bay is also an excellent spot for cliff diving.,Kamari beach is one of the most popular spots on the island, featured in almost every travel guide on this island. It is settled on Santorini’s east coast and is well-known for its clear blue waters.,Thanks to its volcanic history, Kamari beach is a large black sand beach with one of the longest stretches of black sand in Santorini. There are also lounge chairs and umbrellas, so pick an available one and enjoy the view. ,Near Kamari Beach, you can find some of the best hotels and apartments, as well as restaurants, bars, and shops. Also, you can visit Open Air Cinema Kamari, located just 1 kilometer away.,The outdoor movie theater is situated in the middle of the forest, and you can watch movies there every night from May to October. It costs eight euros per person.,If you want to experience Santorini’s natural beauty, we recommend a 3-hour hiking tour from Fira to Oia. The 9-km long trail on the caldera’s edge passes through Fira, Firostefani, Imerovigli, and Oia. ,During this unforgettable journey, you will come upon several photogenic stops, such as Skaros Rock, a popular place for sunset views, and the St Gerasimos Church with a blue dome. ,The Profitis Ilia Monastery is also along the way. At over 550 meters above sea level, it’s the highest point in Santorini and boasts the most magnificent views of the whole island and the azure Aegean Sea.,You can start this adventure early in the morning or late afternoon to avoid the heat and arrive in Oia at sunset. Take enough water, comfortable footwear, and enjoy outstanding views.,Did you know that Santorini has some of the world’s oldest vineyards?,Thanks to its volcanic origin, Santorini has ideal conditions for viticulture, so diseases rarely attack the vineyards. That is why Santorini is one of the most famous European wine regions, primarily known for white wines.,The majority of wineries are located in the central part of the island, and the most popular are Venetanos Winery in Megalochori and Santo Wines in Pyrgos. Vinsanto and Nykteri are the most popular wines from Santorini.,We recommend visiting the Wine Museum in Fira. It is located in a cave, 8 meters underground. There you can learn more about the history of winemaking in Santorini and see the machines and tools that Santorini wine-makers used in production. Also, you can enjoy local wines. ,You can go to the Santorini wine tours independently or book a wine tour for a small group of people, with an arranged pick up and drop off from the hotel to the vineyards.,Thirassia is an island separated from Santorini due to an intense volcanic eruption in 1500 B.C. This catastrophic eruption caused the tsunami, which reached even Crete. ,You can reach Thirassia by boat from the Gialos Port, connected with Oia by cable car. Another option is a day trip boat tour from Amoudi Bay.,You can visit the scenic village of Manolas with colored houses or spend the day at lovely beaches or hot springs. There are also excellent trekking trails.,Thirassia is a small island with only 300 inhabitants. There are no major tourist attractions or nightlife, but you can sit on the tavern terrace in the evening and enjoy the silence and the splendid views of Santorini.,Akrotiri is an archaeological site on the southern end of the island of Santorini. It is one of the most significant prehistoric settlements around the Aegean Sea. ,A massive volcanic eruption destroyed the Minoan town, but Akrotiri has allowed tourists to visit after years of excavation. If you want to learn more about this place, a local guide will undoubtedly make this sightseeing memorable.,The ticket price is 12 euros per person, but with a surcharge of 2-3 euros, you can also visit the Museum of Prehistoric Thera. There you can see frescoes and other items found at Ancient Akrotiri.,Perissa is a coastal village with hotels, apartments, and campsites located in the southeastern part of Santorini. It is one of the most popular spots on Santorini, thanks to the fantastic Perissa beach with black lava sand, beach bars, umbrellas, sunbeds, and lifeguards. ,You can also find many water sports facilities, beach volley courts, and a water park. Or you can rent an ATV or scooter and explore the whole area on wheels.  ,The Museum of the Minerals and Fossils of Thera is a popular tourist spot to learn more about the prehistoric era and human evolution. Nearby is Perivolos, a village with shops, cafes, restaurants, many beach bars, and nightclubs with live music and DJs.  ,Near Akrotiri village, in Santorini’s southern region, you can find a unique Red beach. Yes, it’s really red! This beach is surrounded by steep volcanic rocks, from which the red color comes. ,You will not find any beach bar on Red beach, so take everything you need for a full-day adventure with you. Exciting marine life also makes Red Beach an excellent site for snorkeling.,Nearby you can visit two other attractive beaches: Kambia Beach and White Beach. We also recommend visiting Akrotiri Lighthouse in outer southwest Santorini. You will enjoy the fantastic sunset views.,A cruise on the Aegean Sea will complete your vacation in Santorini as an unforgettable experience. ,Catamaran cruises and boat tours are very popular activities in Santorini because you can swim in the crystal-clear waters and go to the most popular beaches on the island, as well as enjoy amazing views of the island’s caldera and villages with white houses.,Some boat tours include an onboard meal followed by quality Santorinian wine.,If you want a romantic getaway, we recommend you book a sunset cruise and enjoy the most beautiful sunset in the world.,Ready to plan your greek getaway to the stunning island of Santorini? Get Prepared with insider tips on the best beaches, hotel and VRBO options, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan even more fun by booking some island activities in Santorini, expert-led tours and skip-the-line tickets to popular attractions with the help of GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your tours here.,For exclusive flight deals, train tickets and car rental reservations, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,Be sure to bring a suitcase that can fit all your travel essentials and all the amazing items you find in Santorini. AWAY Luggage has stylish, durable and expandable travel bags so you can bring your adventure home. Check out their top-rated selection of travel bags here.,Read about other exciting destinations in our articles below:,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,Though travel plans seem challenging during the pandemic, there are still safe options for adventures. Plan a trip to Africa now to experience beautiful nature and culture with spacious, health conscious accommodations.,As the owner of Infinite Safari Adventures, I was used to going to Africa 3-4 times a year to research new opportunities, check up on the places I use and visit with all the wonderful friends I have made there. While I stay in touch through Zoom, WhatsApp, Facebook and all the other electronic methods, it is no substitute for being there.,Many people have always had Africa on their bucket list and a lot of people are putting their bucket list plans on hold, including the planning of their trip. They think they should wait until this pandemic is over to plan. ,The pandemic may make you believe you have more time to plan, but you need to get ahead of the crowd in making your reservations. If you don’t think ahead, you may be out of luck or encounter difficulties. ,All of my clients have moved their 2020 trips to 2021 or 2022. My company is not alone in doing that. ,That means that those people who are now planning their safari for 2021 will be competing for space with those people who booked in 2020 that have moved their trip. ,I am already finding that space at the high-quality accommodations we prefer for our clients is at a premium.,As of the writing of this article except for Botswana, all countries in Eastern and Southern Africa (and I am hopeful with all the promising news about a vaccine that Botswana will open soon) are open. People from all over the world, including the United States, are visiting without any issues. ,As the chart accompanying this article demonstrates, each country has different protocols for visiting. These requirements are constantly changing and being updated.,Here is an interactive list of Covid-19 Policies for each country to travel to in Africa.,Is it safe to fly to Africa?,One of the first questions probably going through your mind is, “OK, I want to go to Africa, but is it safe to fly there?” ,Many experts are now telling us that traveling on an airplane these days is one of the safest places you can be. In fact, a recent Los Angeles Times article on a study said it was safer than going to the grocery store or a restaurant.,The study was conducted by United Airlines, Boeing and the U.S. Department of Defense  They put a mannequin throughout the plane and used a fluorescent aerosol to measure how far the aerosol traveled. ,Tests were performed with and without the mannequin wearing a mask. The study found that the exposure was minimal even during long-duration flights.”  ,It also found that the risk is lower on an airplane than in stores and restaurants. Airlines have increased the strength of the filters they use, and the air is constantly being recirculated through those filters. ,Is it safe to travel to Africa?,Your second question may be, “OK if I get to Africa, will it be safe?”  I believe it is if you follow the same safety guidelines recommended here in the U.S.,First being on safari is one of the safest places you can be. You are outdoors, away from urban centers and concentrations of people which can eliminate some of the risks. ,On the custom safaris we create for our clients, they travel exclusively with their own group, creating their own “bubble” when out on game drives in the bush. ,Second, all the countries and its people, service providers, lodges and camps are following health guidelines of the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC), the Centers for Disease Control, the United Nations World Travel Organization as well as local governmental regulations. ,Every country in Africa has developed protocols to ensure your safety. As an example, some of those protocols generally include:,So how does one plan their safari? What questions should be asked? What things should be considered? ,To help you answer those questions, I have developed the Who, What, Where, When, How & Why of planning a safari. (You can see videos of each of these topics on our Infinite Safari Adventures YouTube Channel.,Unlike Europe, you need knowledgeable guides, reliable transportation and everything well-coordinated. You are out in the bush and can’t just move down the block to another hotel. ,When choosing a tour operator, ask yourself, are they responsive and get back to you the same day? Are their responses to your questions thorough?  ,Will they put you in touch with prior clients? Have they visited the areas you’re interested in?  Does the company give back to local communities?  Are they involved in wildlife conservation?,Africa is huge. The entire United States could fit inside it three times! There is a lot to do in Africa. Most people go to Africa for the wildlife, but what else can you do? ,As someone who creates tailored made safaris for our clients, I have catered to stargazers, fishermen, photographers, birders, climbers, music lovers, divers and kayakers. ,For example, you can climb Mt. Kilimanjaro, track gorillas, fly on a hot air balloon, go wine or coffee tasting, have culinary experiences and classes, cultural experiences, dive into the history of the continent and visit Victoria Falls – the possibilities are endless!,You can’t see everything in one safari. If wildlife is what you want, then Eastern and Southern Africa are your two best bets, and one to two countries makes a fantastic two-week trip. If you want to see the Great Wildebeest Migration, then you are going to Kenya or Tanzania. ,Want to climb Mt. Kilimanjaro? Then it is off to Tanzania. Gorillas? Then it’s Rwanda or Uganda. Want to visit Victoria Falls? That would be a trip to Zambia or Zimbabwe. Botswana has incredible game areas and the amazing Okavango Delta. ,Want to see where the desert meets the ocean? Then we are going to Namibia (and visit the Cheetah Conservation Fund where I am a trustee). Unspoiled beaches? Then it’s Zanzibar or Mozambique. Great food and wine? South Africa is your destination. ,One of the most common questions I get is when the best time is to go. I start by telling people the best time not to go. ,April/May and November are typically rainy in Eastern Africa and not the best time to go. In Southern Africa, the December-February period can be uncomfortably hot as it is summer. ,You will want to have a light outer layer for scattered rainstorms. This windbreaker here from Scott-e-Vest also allows you to carry all the necessities with eight pockets. Truly a good advantage for any traveler.,At other times, the only real question is what you want to see and do. January/February is a great time to visit Tanzania when the wildebeest migration is in the Southern Serengeti. In July – October, you have a chance to see them in Tanzania or Kenya when they are in the Northern Serengeti or the Maasai. ,Though there is wildlife all year long, May- October is a great time to visit the Southern African countries of Botswana, Namibia, Zambia, Zimbabwe and South Africa. I have been to Africa almost every month of the year and I have never been disappointed.,How do you get to Africa? By plane, of course! It is very easy to get to Africa. The three major international hubs in Southern and Eastern Africa are Nairobi, Kenya, Addis Ababa Ethiopia and Johannesburg, South Africa. ,You can fly direct from New York to Nairobi, Atlanta to Johannesburg, and via Europe or the Middle East. Trip Advisor has a reliable selection of discounted flights and other transportation connections to make the journey as easy to coordinate as possible. Plan your transportation here.,The answer to this final question would not be an article but a book. Twenty years ago, when I first arrived in Africa, I knew I had found a place that I loved. It is truly unique. ,Where else can you go and see elephants walk by as you are having breakfast, a pride of Lions with their cubs, a leopard lounging in a tree, gorillas interact with their children, herds of wildebeest spread out over the plains of the Serengeti or a cheetah running faster than a car to catch a gazelle? ,Those views will remain with me for a lifetime. But more important than wildlife and beautiful views are the people of Africa. ,No matter what country you visit, what city or village you stop in, you too will fall in love. They are warm, friendly, helpful and wonderful. I have learned so much from them. ,But if you really want to know why you should go to Africa, then the only way to find out is to go yourself. Now is the time to start planning!,Author’s Bio: Alan Feldstein is the founder and owner of Infinite Safari Adventures, an African Wildlife Safari and Adventure company that creates unique custom itineraries for its clients in 12 different countries throughout Eastern and Southern Africa. Alan is a “recovering lawyer” who made his first trip to Africa in 2000 and changed his life. He now sits on the boards of the Cheetah Conservation Fund, Over & Above Africa, The Bird School Project and TourSafe Africa. He is an avid nature photographer, whose work has appeared in the Los Angeles Times, Wavelength Magazine, and the paddling.net calendar. He is also the author of The Best African Safari – Tips from an Obsessive Planner, a definitive guide to help people plan their best safari.,The Valle Valley in Norway is rich with tradition, natural beauty and opportunities for adventure. The Car Parade in Valle is an well-loved and fun local tradition.,Norway is a photogenic country. With beautiful fjords, northern lights, midnight sun, and cozy coastal cities, it’s no wonder many people are tempted to head north. But even for a coastal-dwelling Norwegian like me, Norway’s vast and sparsely-populated inland is unpaved territory.,My curiosity led me to a landlocked valley in Norway named Valle, and it proved that you don’t have to travel far to experience something exotic. The people in this long, narrow valley are known for their passion for deep-rooted and unique traditions. And what could be a better time to visit than during Norwegian Constitution Day, when traditions are on display and cherished?,Some 1,149 people live in Valle county. This rural mountainscape has an area greater than New York City and lies between the modern and lively cities of Oslo and Stavanger. But there’s not much that resembles any of that here.,Valle is like a living museum where you’ll find 17th-century buildings everywhere, unique folk music and colorful clothing with a long history. Even the dialect is well preserved and resembles medieval Norwegian, so even I felt the need for a traveler’s dictionary at times.,Norway’s national symbolisms are mostly rooted in its rural lifestyle and culture, which Valle keeps well and alive to this day. This is most visible during celebrations, especially on Constitution Day, which is all about lifting the Norwegian spirit. And every Norwegian village and town prove each May 17 that it’s not the size of the population that matters when it comes to celebration. It’s all about passion and dedication.,The Norwegian Constitution Day is not like any other celebration. During this national holiday, the streets are filled with parades and music. Whether you’re young or old, rich or poor, everyone is marching in the streets, singing and waving flags. It’s also an occasion to wear the bunad, the Norwegian folk costume with patterns, motifs and colors unique for every district.,Norwegians are typically known as a calm and modest people, but when you meet the crowds on this day, you will quickly conclude that during the other days of the year, they simply charge their batteries for the big national celebration.,The people’s parade can be experienced anywhere in Norway, but Valle has its own tradition: the car parade. Cars embellished by flags, branches, balloons and teddy bears cruisie along the river.,A kind stranger offered to take me in his car, and I had an amazing opportunity to see all the breathtaking sights the place has to offer. The valley grew taller and the river wider as we headed up north. Old barns, both well-kept and some dilapidated, were situated along a river that was glowing under the sun.,The weather in Norway during this season may vary, but we were lucky this year. The valley was green, with just a bit of snow still on the mountain tops, and the many sheep were outside living on the sunny hillsides.,Norwegians wait several months for the summer to arrive, which makes it particularly valuable, especially in May, when nature, as well as the people, have defrosted and are embracing some long-awaited warm sun rays. Another reason to celebrate, although the woolly bunad maybe a little too much on a day like this.,Sigurd Brokke wears his old-fashioned bunad with pride. He also embraces Valle’s colorfulness in other ways. Music is a big part of Valle’s soul, particularly the fiddle and the Jew’s harp, which have long traditions in the area. Brokke, born and raised in Valle, lives on the hillside in a house with a history spanning 400 years. The surrounding sheep farm and the stunning view over the river and the valley create a perfect environment to practice the instruments.,“Music has been in my family, and 22 years ago I started to learn how to play the Jew’s harp. I try to make something innovative within this narrow genre,” Brokke says.,To experience live Norwegian folk music and dances, Valle is a good place tostart. Setesdalsfestivalen, a folk music festival, takes part every summer to promote cultural heritage. In addition to having given courses at the festival, Brokke has won several prizes there. He has even figured in a Russian documentary about the district’s folk music, and played concerts in various Norwegian folk music festivals, so the fascination is not exclusive to Valle.,But this valley is inhabited by many people who are passionate about cultural history, whether it’s silversmithing, folk music and dances, or making traditional clothes.,However, the musical echoes from the past may not go on forever.,“There are relatively many people in Valle who are proud of their traditions. But it relies on the dedicated few practitioners to keep it going,” Brokke says.,Valle’s folk music may be cited on UNESCO list of Intangible Cultural Heritage,A couple of decades ago, the tradition had a renaissance in the county, which brought old tunes back to life. But, now, the folk music course in the county’s high school is no longer available, and there are few young practitioners to keep up the hype. Community enthusiasts are working on getting the district’s folk music on the UNESCO list of Intangible Cultural Heritage. If that happens, it could spark the interest in a larger scale.,Apart from the rich culture of Valle, the nature also is spectacular. And, if you want to get the most out of it, climbing is a fun fast-track to the best views.,After one hour of climbing, I found myself about 3,000 feet above sea level gazing over the valley and mountain tops as far as you can see. There are 500 climbing routes in the county, providing opportunities for beginners and adrenaline junkies alike.,One of them, Straumsfjellet, is northern Europe’s longest climbing route. But I took a more family-friendly route the company Via Ferrata provides.,It was still quite an adrenaline-pumping experience. You may rest your eyes on the postcard view as you ascend, but whenever you look down, the trees and houses appear smaller and smaller underneath you, and you realize a fall would bring you several hundred feet down before you smash into a thick forest.,But luckily you are secured by wires, and the guide, Arne Holskog, makes sure everything goes well.,“I started to guide climbing tours four years ago,” Holskog said. “I had no prior experience, but now I go on trips with people from all over the world. It has been an amazing experience.”,Holskog tells about the time a 5-year-old girl climbed all the way up this hillside. Also, an 83-year-old man made it to the top. So it’s possible for anyone to get to see Norway from a bird’s-eye view. Four of the women in my group came from Thailand seeking adventure and were staying at Helle Camping over the summer to work on a strawberry farm, all run by our tour guide.,When arriving at the top of the mountain after a comfortable, but slightly height-fright-inducing climb, we took a moment to watch the endless plains on top of the surrounding mountains. From this height, the river and the log houses appeared like a miniature village by a creek.,After a lively celebration with music and parades, a trip to this completely silent no-man’s land beautifully ends a weekend in a wonderful Norwegian valley.,Very Nice artikkel…and have Straumsfjellet via ferrata..viaferratanorway.no..
And Valle disrict is very good for climbers and other activitis…fishing..haiking in the realt high land of norway…easy from Danmark whit boat..,Lovely article! Fun to read about Norway.,Georgia O’Keeffe was on e of the most iconic artists, which inspired all different kinds of arts. Now you can visit her museum, ranch and taste some O’Keeffe loved flavors.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Georgia O’Keeffe is synonymous with New Mexico. The famed artist spent the last forty years of her life living in the Land of Enchantment. She painted its dramatic landscapes and iconic formations in her own unique style.,Regarded as one of the most significant artists of the 20th century, O’Keeffe’s work is treasured worldwide. And people from all across the globe travel to New Mexico to see the place that offered her so much inspiration.,For many, the trip is a pilgrimage, made in homage to the great American modernist.,A major destination for visitors is the Georgia O’Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe. The museum, which is dedicated to the artistic legacy of O’Keeffe, her life and American modernism, opened in 1997, eleven years after the artists passed away at the ripe old age of 98.,Its collection of over 3,000 works by O’Keeffe spans from 1901 to 1984. As you tour the museum, you’ll not only get insight into the artist’s paintings, but also into her creative process and the light, colors and shapes of the land that stirred her soul. ,A selection of O’Keeffe’s paintings, drawings, pastels and watercolors, representing each decade of her life, are on display within the museum’s nine galleries.,Included are her well-known large-scale depictions of flowers, along with bones, leaves, rocks, shells and various other natural forms, New York cityscapes, northern New Mexico landscapes and architectural elements and works inspired from her travels around the world. ,Those interested in seeing where O’Keeffe lived and worked can tour her home and studio in the village of Abiquiu, about an hour northwest of Santa Fe. When O’Keeffe bought the place in 1945, it was in ruins, but the location on the edge of a mesa was spectacular.,Plus, she would be able to have a garden, something she dearly desired.  Over the next three years, the artist worked with her friend, Maria Chabot, to renovate the property. ,Today, the house remains in much the same condition as O’Keeffe left it in 1984. Furnishings and décor are simple and large windows in the studio and bedroom open out to nature.,You’ll see many specimens from the artist’s collection of desert treasures, such as rocks and skulls, on window ledges and other surfaces. And in the pantry and kitchen are the plain bowls and utensils she used each day, as well as the special tea she so enjoyed. ,Make sure to look for the black door through the patio of this adobe dwelling. It was another one of the reasons O’Keeffe bought the house. Over the years, she painted the door more than twenty times, in various renditions.,She also drew inspiration from the picturesque view she had of the cottonwood trees below and the road that curved through the valley. ,Further up the road lies Ghost Ranch, where O’Keeffe’s other home is located. Though the house is closed to the public, the ranch itself is open to visitors.,Now an education and retreat center, the property is also a mecca for aficionados of the artist, who go to soak up the magnificent, multilayered cliff walls, red hills and mesas that are featured in her work.,It’s hard not to miss Pedernal, the flat-topped mountain to the south, which was probably her favorite subject. ,The ranch offers a number of landscape tours that explore the scenes and locations of some of O’Keeffe’s paintings, on foot, by horseback and via minibus.,Other tours delve into the archaeological and paleontological aspects of the environment, which are further detailed within the two museums on site.,Hikers will find several trails that lead across the rocks, atop the mesas, past dinosaur quarries and even into a box canyon. ,To further enrich your O’Keeffe experience, consider taking an O’Keeffe-centric cooking class at the Santa Fe School of Cooking.,Located in the heart of historic downtown, this internationally acclaimed school offers numerous hands-on and demonstration cooking classes, an intensive 3-day cooking program (Southwest Culinary Bootcamp) and chef-led restaurant walking tours. ,In the three-hour demonstration class, you’ll explore some of O’Keeffe’s ideas about food and cooking.,One of the school’s chefs, such as Lois Ellen Frank, a renowned culinary anthropologist, will then guide you through some of the artist’s recipes from the book, A Painter’s Kitchen: Recipes from the Kitchen of Georgia O’Keeffe by Margaret Wood.,A companion to O’Keeffe for five years, Wood has personal insight into the artist’s life and her perspective on food, which she shares with the class. ,According to Wood, O’Keeffe appreciated simple foods that were in season and grown locally.,Her pride and joy was the organic garden at her home in Abiquiu, where she grew different vegetables such as lettuce, radishes, snow peas, carrots, cucumbers, corn, beans, broccoli and of course, green chile, a New Mexico staple.,Her garden also included a variety of herbs, as she believed in their inherent health properties. Surrounding the area were an abundance of fruit trees. ,O’Keeffe was influenced by the beliefs of such modern health gurus of the time as Adelle Davis, one of the most highly regarded nutritionists of the early to mid-20th century.,Davis was a proponent of better nutrition for improved health and she advocated eating natural foods. Having a garden allowed the artist to exercise control over the way her food was grown and handled. And having the convenience of this bounty at her fingertips was invaluable. ,O’Keeffe ground flour from wheat berries to make bread, collected watercress from along the stream for salads and soup and picked dandelion greens to put in her mashed potatoes.,One of her favorite treats was thinly-sliced garlic sandwiches and fried locust flowers. She also was fond of wheat germ squares with homemade yogurt for dessert.,Though she certainly enjoyed her veggies, O’Keeffe wasn’t a vegetarian. She relished a good T-bone steak, as well as organic chicken. ,Everything she ate was of good quality and if she didn’t grow it, she got it from the local farmers and purveyors. They supplied her with honey, goat’s milk, eggs (always brown), meat and poultry. ,Working for O’Keeffe was a fascinating experience for Wood, but initially, it was intimidating. O’Keeffe was very particular about the way she liked things done.,Once Wood learned the artist’s habits and preferences, though, the job got easier. She also came to appreciate O’Keeffe’s unique sense of humor and the way she looked at things, ever so closely, noticing the tiny details that most people would miss. ,As the cooking class is demonstration-based, you’re able to comfortably sit back and watch as the chef and her assistant prepare a full meal.,The menu typically features Arugula Salad, Corn Soup, Lemon Chicken, Fried Potatoes and Norwegian Apple Cake with Rum Sauce.,Each step in the process, from start to finish, is narrated, with the information provided regarding the selection of ingredients, preparation and cooking techniques, and any special equipment utilized.,The session is casual with much banter and interaction between the chef and the group. Questions and comments are highly encouraged.,You’ll glean such nuggets as the rules of high altitude baking, the purpose of a micro planer, what type of cut defines “airline chicken,” the process of deglazing with whole corn cobs, the benefits of cooking in micaceous clay pots, how to wow your dinner guests with the easiest raspberry jam vinaigrette and the wonders of a sauce made with Captain Morgan Rum!,The class is educational and informative, as well as fun. And most importantly, you get to reap the rewards of the chef’s hard work with a delicious multi-course meal.,As you waddle out, make sure to peruse the on-site store for all sorts of cooking and kitchen-related items with a southwest twist. ,With its rich cultural diversity, visiting this Canadian city is like taking a trip around the world.,Tall, skinny row houses stand shoulder to shoulder like soldiers at attention. In narrow streets, people celebrate with abandon this June day—blaring car horns, flying green flags and shouting with glee. A national holiday? Well, sort of. The Portuguese had just won a game in the Soccer World Cup, and this is their hood.,Toronto is made up of many neighborhoods like this one: Little Italy, Chinatown, Greektown, Little India, Koreatown. Visiting this city in the Canadian province of Ontario is like taking a trip around the world.,From Europe to Asia, from the Caribbean to the Mediterranean—the diversity of more than 100 cultures gives the city its unique character. With each nationality lending its own cuisine, festivals, imports, music, language and traditions, Toronto is an inimitable place to visit and an even more wonderful place to learn about and appreciate other cultures.,Torontonians are proud of this multiplicity and take advantage of it to the fullest. You want beet borscht? Bagels and lox? Sushi? Right this way.,Sprawling on the edge of Lake Ontario, the largest city in Canada and the fifth largest in North America (after New York, Mexico City, Los Angeles and Chicago) is unexpectedly clean, pleasant and quite charming.,With a low crime rate, it lends itself to strolling at night without concern. Besides ethnic neighborhoods, other distinct hoods march to their own beat, and exploring them one by one is a good start to touring the city.,The Neighborhoods,Head to the bustling downtown area and Yonge Street, the world’s longest street stretching from Lake Ontario to the far side of Lake Superior, and you’ll find international shops, restaurants, bars and event venues. In its entertainment district, top Broadway shows, operas, classical and local productions enjoy long runs at a cluster of theatres.,Look down and see Canada’s Walk of Fame, where national legends like Celine Dion, Jim Carrey and Wayne Gretzky are immortalized with buffed marble and granite stars of stylized maples leafs embedded in the sidewalk.,Here also is the Eaton Centre—a huge five-layered shopping mall enclosed under glass skylights and connected to the subway system—and the Hockey Hall of Fame housed in an ornate historic building at Yonge and Front St. The world’s most comprehensive collection of hockey memorabilia lives here, including the Stanley Cup, the real Stanley Cup, as well as the traveling replica.,Have you ever watched a baseball game indoors or from your hotel room? You can do both at the Rogers Centre, a retractable-roof stadium connected to the Renaissance Hotel. The Toronto Bluejays play here, while the NHL’s Maple Leafs, the NBA’s Raptors and the Toronto Rock Lacrosse Team call the Air Canada Centre home.,Also in the downtown core is The Village, Canada’s largest gay community, where Halloween is celebrated in shocking style.,In the elegant Bloor/Yorkville neighborhood, Victorian courtyards and alleyways are alive with outdoor cafes, designer boutiques, antique shops and art galleries. This trendy address is the perfect spot for Santé, the Bloor-Yorkville Wine Festival every May and the prestigious Toronto International Film Festival that takes place in September.,The city’s waterfront district Harbourfront Centre is worth exploring for its shopping, cultural attractions and festivals. You can view the full scope of the city skyline from two very different perspectives: one from a ferry that shuttles tourists from the docks to The Island, a collection of car-free islands across the bay, or from the top of downtown’s iconic CN Tower, the tallest freestanding building in the western hemisphere at 1,815 feet.,Besides serving as a huge tourist attraction, the needle-nose tower solved the city’s telecommunications issues when it was completed in 1976. From the tower, you can see The Beaches, another neighborhood village 15 minutes from downtown Toronto. Complete with wooden boardwalk, clapboard cottages and biking trail, this laid-back area strikes a contrast to Toronto’s urban lifestyle.,For history and architecture, visit Old Town where the city’s first buildings were established in 1793. Fort York and a number of other historic houses and museums tell the Toronto story.,The world-renowned St. Lawrence Market operates a block from the site of the original market. Here local farmers and food artisans, antique dealers and flea marketers sell their goods. To get the full experience at the Saturday Farmers Market, enjoy Peameal bacon on a bun, a salt-and-sugar-cured extra lean ham rolled in cornmeal, a Toronto specialty.,Kensington Market is a multicultural neighborhood of several streets that used to comprise the Jewish community. Now heavily influenced by South and Central America, Asian, Caribbean and African immigrants, the eclectic market—indoor and outdoor—is the best place to shop for vintage clothing, among other unique treasures.,Many more neighborhoods and districts hold a myriad of interests for tourists, and getting to and around them is easy, thanks to the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC). One-way fares are interchangeable between buses, subways and streetcars. For longer trips, the GO Transit train links Toronto with areas outside the city.,If You Go,Tourism Toronto,Ontario Tourism,Toronto sits across the Niagara River from Buffalo, NY, and is one of the southernmost cities in Canada with a latitude nearly equal to Northern California. Passports are required for all visitors. A Goods & Services (GST) and a Provincial Sales Tax (PST) are charged on nearly everything you buy in Toronto. You can apply for a rebate on the GST if you get your receipts validated by Customs upon leaving the country. Brush up on your French; it and English are the official languages. Other languages you likely will hear are Chinese, Italian, Tamil, Portuguese and Spanish.,Day Trips,Though Toronto has many non-urban pockets like parks, gardens, golf courses, ravines and beaches, its countryside is worth exploring too. Some of Ontario’s most fabulous places lie within 90 minutes of the city.,Take a day to visit the world’s Seventh Wonder Niagara Falls, about 70 miles southwest. The falls straddle Canada and New York State, but their magnificent span is best seen from the Canadian side.,For a deafening close-up and often wet experience, board the Maid of the Mist tour boat that rides the waves of the Niagara River right up to the roaring torrents for an exhilarating view. Spotlights wash over the falls at night and fireworks light them up Friday and Sunday nights in the summer.,A short drive north of Niagara Falls takes you through Ontario’s scenic wine country where two dozen or so wineries produce Icewine, a Canadian delicacy.,The jewel of the Niagara Peninsula is the picturesque historic town called Niagara-on-the-Lake. Its gentle climate and genteel way of life—with elegant homes and gardens, art galleries, upscale shops and restaurants—draw people from the city and around the country.,Its most famous cultural attraction is The Shaw Festival, a year-long theater season dedicated to the works of George Bernard Shaw, his contemporaries and the period of his lifetime. The festival is the second largest theatre company in North America after the Stratford Festival in Stratford, Ontario, another day-trip destination.,Ninety minutes to the north, the Georgian Bay lies at the end of the Niagara Escarpment, a long mountainous ridge that begins at Niagara Falls and runs through eight counties of Ontario. Its northernmost end is steep enough to be ski slopes for four private ski clubs and Ontario’s largest public ski area Blue Mountain. By Colorado standards, its 720 vertical is a mere foothill, but Intrawest found it worthy enough to develop into a four-season resort.,About 40 minutes northwest of Toronto’s back door, the escarpment cuts through a rural area called Hills of Headwaters, a rolling landscape dotted with charming historic towns boasting exceptional inns, restaurants, spas, shops and golf courses.,The Millcroft Inn & Spa was built as a knitting mill in 1881 and is a fine example of the area’s heritage preservation efforts.,Niagara Falls,Niagara-on-the-Lake,The Shaw Festival,Stratford Festival,Blue Mountain,Millcroft Inn & Spa,Summer in Sweden is something special. Here’s our list of what to see and do in Stockholm.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Though it may not be as well-known as Paris, London or Rome, Stockholm is one of the most beautiful cities in Europe – and it’s not to be missed.,The capital of Sweden stretches across 14 islands, with more than 30 percent of the city made up of waterways and another 30 percent made up of parks and green spaces.,Just beyond Stockholm is the Stockholm Archipelago, which has more than 24,000 islands. This island world is the size of Connecticut, and it’s the summer playground for many Swedes.,During the summer, Stockholm is at its best. The city streets are lined with flowers, and the days are long and warm. Start your visit with an afternoon in Gamla Stan, Stockholm’s Old Town.,Gamla Stan’s charming cobblestone alleyways and pink, ochre and yellow historic buildings will have you pulling out your camera. Many cafés and restaurants in Gamla Stan have outdoor patio seating, which provides the perfect opportunity to people watch and soak up the Swedish sun.,There is a little something for everyone in Stockholm. Here are our suggestions for the top 10 things to do in Stockholm.,One of the best ways to experience a culture is through its food. Swedish food is much more than Swedish meatballs. A renaissance has been going on in the city for years, and Stockholm is home to top chefs and exceptional cuisine.,In the summer, be sure to sample the city’s fresh berries, from strawberries to lingonberries, and crayfish parties or kräftskivor are popular in the warm summer months. One of our favorite Swedish restaurants is Tradition (located on Österlånggatan in Gamla Stan), for traditional Swedish dishes.,If you try the Tradition Tasting Menu, you can sample a variety of local specialties from cured salmon with mustard sauce to smoked reindeer with horseradish, whitefish on black rye bread, and meatballs with the classic trimmings.,Beyond the best restaurants, Stockholm is famous for its food markets. Check out the Nordic Food Walk tour with GetYourGuide to explore the most delicious Stockholm food markets while learning about the city. Book your tour here with a 24-hour up to the event cancellation policy so you can plan stress-free.,This museum is a favorite for locals and tourists alike. Located on Royal Djurgården, the massive living museum offers a walk through the Sweden of yesteryear.,More than 100 historic farms and houses were moved here from regions all over the country. Costumed reenactors bring those times to life. Many Swedish traditions, such as Walpurgis Night, are celebrated here.,Located on the island of Djurgården, the Vasa Museum houses the only completely intact salvaged 17th century ship in the world. More than 95 percent of the ship is the original. The ship sank on its maiden voyage and was salvaged 333 years later.,After much hard work, the ship’s restoration is quickly approaching its original glory. The Vasa is a treasured part of Swedish culture, and no visit to Stockholm is complete without a stop to see the Vasa.,The Nordiska is Sweden’s largest museum of cultural history. The museum houses works from 1520 to the contemporary period, and it’s very well done.,Founded by the same man who founded the Skansen Open Air Museum, Artur Hazelius, it is a must-see for history buffs. The museum has over 1.5 million objects in its collections.,This medieval cathedral was built in 1279 and houses many unique historical items. These include St George and the Dragon sculpture, built in 1489, and more. Now a Lutheran church, there are a variety of religious services performed here, as well as concerts.,One of the largest palaces in Europe, the Swedish Royal Palace is home to His Majesty the King of Sweden. This large palace has more than 600 rooms and is open to the public. There are several museums in the palace for visitors to explore.,Built in the Italian Baroque style, the palace is a sight to see. It is also home to the Armory, with armor and costumes. If you’ve visited the glitzy palaces of France or Austria, you’ll note a decided difference in the more understated style of the Swedish royals.,This scenic boat tour on a century-old steamer takes passengers across the calm waters of Lake Mälaren. It’s an excellent way to explore Stockholm’s waterways and island scenery.,Drottningholm Palace is home to lush gardens and parks, and is a World Heritage site. It is important to note that the Stockholm Card discount does not apply when booking in advance.,Sightseeing by boat is a great way to see the archipelagos. These islands are just 20 minutes from Stockholm and are comprised of 30,000 islands. The archipelagos are a world of their own. Visitors can get up close to nature, as well as view museums and other cultural sites.,Get a unique view of the whole city with this Under The Bridges Boat Tour. See all the best landmarks as you cruise on Lake Mälaren and the Baltic Sea. Book your tour here and start planning your trip around Stockholm.,If you ask for a Waxholmsbolaget’s island-hopping map, you can plan ferry trips from island to island and things to do on the way. Visitors can also download the app of the same name. Those more adventurous can even kayak to explore the islands.,SkyView takes visitors to the top of the world’s largest spherical building, the Ericsson Globe, which is a Stockholm landmark. The highest point is 425 above sea level, which gives riders a sensational view over the city.,There are two gondolas that depart every 10 minutes, and the entire ride takes 30. Holders of the Stockholm Card ride for free, but only if room allows. If the gondola is full, they run so frequently that it is not a problem.,For something a little slower than the bus tours, but a little faster than walking, Stockholm’s bike tours allow for the most beautiful views of the city. The tours are done in English, and visitors are guided through a tour of the city.,Enjoy sight-seeing like a local on this Top Highlights Bike Tour with GetYourGuide. Check out the Stockholm bike tour options here.,In Stockholm, most Swedes speak English, so a language barrier is not a problem. Most tours are available in English. For more information on travel in Stockholm, see VisitStockholm.com.,Start planning your Stockholm escape today. Get prepared with insider tips on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Find top-rated tours, unique private activities and expert guides around Stockholm here through GetYourGuide.,Whether you call it Easter Island, Rapa Nui or Isla de Pascua, this little speck of land in the middle of the ocean has intrigued people for centuries. Here’s our guide to Easter Island,Whether you call it Easter Island, Rapa Nui (the Polynesian name) or Isla de Pascua (what the Chilean government calls it), this little speck of land in the middle of the ocean has intrigued people for centuries.,One of the most remote places on the planet, Easter Island (I’ll stick with that name in this article) is an intriguing and complicated place to visit. I had wanted to visit this island since I was a child and saw the mysterious giant heads called moai on a National Geographic magazine cover.,Recently, I was finally able to fulfill this dream, as well as get an eye-opener into a place that is not easily categorized or understood. Every year it seems there’s a new theory of how the Rapa Nui people got to the island, why and how the moai were built, how they were transported across the island and why they were knocked over later. Whether or not those questions are ever answered won’t change the beauty and the mystery that the island holds.,Roughly 14 by 7 miles in size, just about 64 square miles in total, Easter Island is a little over 2,200 miles away from mainland Chile, which it is annexed to, and has an estimated 9,000 residents, of which about 3,000 are indigenous. There just three roads, so getting lost is pretty much impossible.,All the island’s various archaeological sites are considered part of the Rapa Nui National Park, and purchasing a ticket gives you access for 10 days. Since the island is so small, you can easily visit all the sites in a few days.,Buy your park ticket at the airport when you land to save time later. The best plan for most people is to book island tours through your hotel or a tour operator, eliminating the need for a car and having a local on hand to talk about the history of the island, the moai and the culture.,On my visit, I hit all the main sights with a tour guide from my hotel (see below). He was native born and passionate about the history of the island. He freely shared how complicated the relationship to tourism, the island’s main industry, can be for many residents. Once you learn about the island’s history, it’s easily understandable.,For a great introduction to the island’s past, a visit to the Museo Antropológico Padre Sebastián Englert is a must. I think it should be the first stop for every visitor so you can learn about Easter Island’s history and some of the challenges it faces, from over-tourism to climate change.,Along with a comprehensive timeline, the museum is home to one of the very few female moai on the island and the replica of a coral eye found during the reconstruction of an ahu (the platforms the moai stand on) at Playa Anakena.,In short, the prevailing theory of the history of Easter Island, which is a mix of oral tales and outsiders’ observations, is that King Hotu Matu’a and his family sailed here, mostly likely from Polynesia, landed on the beach at the north shore and began the population of the land.,Famous Norwegian explorer Thor Heyerdahl thought that the original settlers came from South America, but it is now commonly believed that the Rapa Nui are of Polynesian descent. Once you see the traditional dances, names and some words, this seems most likely.,From the Rano Raraku quarry, where the statues were carved from the volcanic hill and moai in every stage of construction can be seen, to the small beach of Anakena, where several moai stand sentinel and it is said the first people to the island arrived, you will see moai practically everywhere you go.,When you can tear yourself away from them, make sure to visit the town, where you’ll find lots of shops, a great artist’s market and the Iglesia Hanga Roa. While the church is certainly Christian, the décor has a Rapa Nui flare.,Did my visit to Easter Island live up to my expectations? Absolutely. It’s an intense feeling to stand in front of any one of the moai, to imagine the effort and the dedication of a people to carve and erect these giant figures for some purpose which we may never understand, on this tiny island in the middle of the ocean.,It’s a humbling experience and regardless of whatever higher power you might believe in (or not), it’s spiritual in a very visceral way. I dare you to watch the sun rise over the amazing figures and not tear up in awe.,Here you’ll find 15 moai in a line on a 200-foot ahu (platform). They face a large ceremonial area where you can see petroglyphs of turtles and fish. Look at the ears of the moai, which have holes in their earlobes and might once have been filled with obsidian.,This beach is where it is all said to have started, where Hotu Matu’a landed, and now you’ll find five moai (and two mostly destroyed) standing and which are called Ahu Nau Nau. There’s also a nearby lone moai called Ahu Ature Huki, which was replaced on his ahu by Thor Heyerdahl as an experiment to test how islanders said moai were erected with just rocks and wooden poles.,This large volcanic crater on the southern tip of the island is found on the backside of Orongo and is a mile across. It holds a lake nearly covered over by reeds. Visitors are forbidden from climbing down the sides of the crater, but you can walk around part of the edge. Views from here are stunning.,This extinct volcano served as the quarry for constructing moai and gives you a small glimpse of the process, if not the how it worked. At least 400 have been counted in some stage of construction on the outer rim and inside the crater. Look especially for El Gigante, a huge moai measuring 22 meters (72 feet) and Moai Tukuturi, the only statue in a kneeling position.,The ceremonial village of Orongo, thought to have been built in the late 1600s and used by locals until 1866, was only occupied during the ceremony honoring the god Make-Make and the base of operations for the Birdman competition.,As Easter Island is often called the “navel of the world,” you should head here to see the perfectly round stone that Hotu Matu’a is said to have brought with him to the island. This site is also the location of the biggest moai ever moved and erected on the island called Paro, which was almost 10 meters tall. It was one of the last to be knocked down in the 1800s.,There a few resorts, guests house and B&Bs. I stayed at the Hangaroa Eco Village & Spa, which is conveniently located within a five-minute walk to Hanga Roa, the island’s only town, is just minutes away from the airport by car (the resort will arrange to pick you up).,The quirky and charming resort has an unusual design, with one-story buildings featuring curved walls and grass roofs, meant to evoke traditional historic dwellings of the local Rapa Nui people. Located overlooking the Pacific Ocean, each of the enormous rooms has panoramic windows and patios. There is also an outdoor pool, spa and a playroom, which is stocked with games and toys.,Guests can opt for different accommodations packages, all of which include airport transfers, a welcome flower necklace and drink, a one-time stocked mini-bar and daily breakfast. Add-ons include all three meals, plus drinks, and daily half-day or full-day excursions.,The excellent excursion staff can help plan your daily adventures, which include options from hiking to snorkeling to heading out on an ATV, and of course, visiting Moai. The all-inclusive package makes your stay easy and seamless.,That said, anyone considering staying here should be aware that the hotel is a bit controversial. The site has been disputed by locals as not having been purchased fairly and there are protest signs tacked to the outside of some of the fences on the property.,The current owners have an agreement in place for ownership to be handed over to a local foundation before 2050. Other than the signs, guests won’t notice any other issues or be adversely impacted.,Author Bio: Kim Foley MacKinnon is a Boston-based freelance food and travel writer who loves to travel the globe but is equally happy to come home and write about all her favorite places in New England. Writing credits include the Boston Globe, Food Network, Forbes Travel, Cruise Critic, Global Traveler, USA Today, and her most recent book, 100 Things to Do in Boston Before You Die. Follow Kim on her adventures on Twitter and Instagram @escapewithkim. ,Only have a weekend to spend in the historic American city of Chicago? Here are some tips on what to plan ahead for and be sure not to miss!,Chicago likes to use numbers to entice visitors.,Here are a few: It built the world’s first skyscraper; it has three of the world’s tallest buildings, the Sears Tower, the AON Center and John Hancock; it has the world’s largest municipal building, the Harold Washington Library Center (with two million books); and it has the world’s largest indoor marine mammal pavilion, the Shedd Aquarium.,These statistics are just the tip of the iceberg. A first-time visitor, especially one who is just here for a weekend, has to prioritize.,Check out tours around Chicago like the Gangsters and Ghosts Walking Tour or the Private Tour With a Local through GetYourGuide. Plan your experience with expert guides and learn all you can about this exciting city here.,Whether it’s architecture, music, museums, art, shopping or dining, a plan is a must because trying to pack it all in will only frustrate you (however, you’ll vow to come back). While you can’t do everything in a weekend, you can do an awful lot.,First, take a look at the city, located on the shores of Lake Michigan. The first settler here was fur trader Jean Baptiste Point du Sable, who made his home on the Chicago River near where it emptied into Lake Michigan in 1779.,Years later, in 1830, the Town of Chicago was incorporated, with just 350 people. Today, the city claims almost three million people. One of the most important events in the city’s history was the 1893 World’s Columbian Exposition.,The event was perhaps the last and the greatest of the 19th century’s World’s Fairs during which many of the city’s cultural institutions were born.,For example, the Museum of Science and Industry was first the Columbian Exposition’s Palace of Fine Arts. The city’s orchestra and library were first established during this time, too.,Not to dwell in the past, one of the city’s newest marvels is Millennium Park in downtown Chicago, which was inaugurated in July 2004. The 24.5-acre park boasts a Frank Gehry-designed music pavilion, as well as giant sculptures. The US$ 450-million park is merely the latest in Chicago’s history of stunning projects.,Without a doubt, one of the best deals of the city is its free Chicago Greeter program. A local volunteer will take up to six people (more if it is one family) on a tour of whatever interests them. There are more than 40 themes to choose from (including antiques, churches, public art to the zoo.) Or, if a specific neighborhood interests your group, that’s fine, as well.,Whether it’s Little Italy, North Michigan Avenue or The Loop, or anywhere in between, there’s a local waiting to take you. Reservations can be made as much as a week in advance.,If that’s too much trouble, visit the Chicago Cultural Center. You can get a one-hour, free tour of the downtown area, which is a great get-acquainted-with-the-city tour.,Find a tour around the Chicago Cultural Center here with GetYourGuide. Book a tour stress-free with their new cancellation policy that allows you to change plans up to 24-hours before the tour.,Now, here are some suggestions on how to plan out that weekend Chicago tour.,A fitting first experience in this city is to take a ride on the famous “L” train. If you are flying into O’Hare Airport, this is a cinch and a cheap way to get downtown. Built in 1893, the Chicago Transit Authority constructed the elevated trains to accommodate the crowds expected for the 1893 World’s Columbian Exposition.,During the six-month fair, 26 million people visited. The trains remained after the exposition was torn down, and the train route encircles the main business district called “The Loop.” Many hotels are easily accessed from the train. Just a half-block away from one stop is the Palmer House Hilton.,Whether you decide to stay in the enormous hotel or not, a visit is a must. The Palmer House is the longest continuously-operating hotel in North America, in business for 133 years! It’s a landmark in a city of landmarks, and its location in The Loop is ideal for exploring the city on foot.,One of the most stunning features of the hotel is the lobby ceiling, which is made up of 21 individual oil paintings, completed at the turn of the century. The French décor throughout the hotel is also quite impressive.,The Chicago Cultural Center is a must-see, regardless of whether you choose to do a greeter tour. “The People’s Palace,” as it is called, was completed in 1897 and was the city’s first library. It houses the world’s largest Tiffany stained-glass window (a 38-foot or 11.6-meter dome) valued at more than US$ 35 million. A free audio tour is offered, or you can wander through on your own.,After you tire of touring, catch dinner and a show at The House of Blues. You can fill your belly with southern food and feed your soul with some Chicago Blues. A variety of bands play here. If you’d rather, visit on Sunday morning for a gospel brunch.,Architecture is one of Chicago’s main attractions, and one of the best ways to get an overview of it all is to take a boat tour. The Chicago Architecture Foundation gives an excellent tour aboard Chicago’s First Lady.,The 90-minute tour leaves from Michigan Avenue and the Chicago River. The trained volunteers give commentary on more than 50 buildings along the way.,GetYourGuide has skip the line tickets for the 5-star rated Architecture Cruise Tour on the Chicago River. Book in advance here.,After the boat tour, go for a stroll along the “Magnificent Mile,” where shop after shop beckons along Michigan Avenue. When you get hungry, any number of cafes will tempt you for lunch. A fun detour, especially for families, is the Lego Store in the Shops at North Bridge mall.,Huge Lego creations, such as Darth Vader and giant insects, are pretty neat, and Lego products can be found here. Many visitors just have to go to the original Marshall Field’s, which opened in 1852, and is the flagship store. It’s a tourist attraction, even for non-shoppers.,It’s the second-largest department store in the world and even has a museum of sorts, detailing its history. If you haven’t eaten yet, you can have a meal in one of the store’s six food venues. Or, maybe go in search of some of Chicago’s deep-dish pizza.,If you do plan on doing some shopping make sure you’re prepared with a little extra space. eBags has luggage brands from around the world at discounted prices so you can find durable, expanding luggage that will last years of travel. Check out their selection here.,Every resident has an opinion on where the best slice is to be found. Why not ask a store clerk or cab driver where their favorite is?,Tonight, see who’s playing at Blues Chicago. This club features only Chicago-based blues artists and has a special focus on female performers. If one location is not to your liking, check out the other one.,Dedicate today to museums. First, visit the Art Institute of Chicago, which is practically a required stop. Perhaps Nighthawks by Edward Hopper is one of its most famous paintings, or maybe it’s Inventions of Monsters by Salvador Dali.,Regardless, a visitor could easily spend an entire day here (or even the whole weekend), but you can’t! There’s too much to see yet. Stop for a quick meal in the Café or Garden Restaurant.,After your whirlwind tour here, go to Museum Campus, where you’ll find the John G. Shedd Aquarium/Oceanarium, the Adler Planetarium & Astrology Museum, Arboretum and the Field Museum.,You won’t really be able to do justice to any of these institutions, but you can get a flavor. At the Shedd, check out the Wild Reefs-Sharks at Shedd exhibit. Take in a show at the Planetarium, and at the Field, you must visit Sue, the largest, most complete T-Rex fossil found to date.,Read one traveler’s account of what it’s like to live in Japan and learn the art of Mu 無.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,I could feel it as if it had just happened. The hot sweat on my skin, the late summer mosquitoes buzzing around my head, and the looks of fast pity – a gaze that almost wasn’t – as I carried my luggage uphill towards the university, just arrived from the airport.,I was in Japan for a 6-month research stay at the University of Doshisha and my supervisor had wanted to meet me immediately, bags and all, as soon as I stepped on the prefecture.,I was now settled in a student dorm in a rural, sleepy area in the center of the triangle formed by Kyoto, Nara, and Osaka. My everyday view was a patch of dancing bamboo that provided some shade to the town cemetery, and a carpet of red, brown, and yellow leaves covering soft, waving hills, with a few specks of suburban family houses popping out of the scenery.,It had always been a dream of mine, living somewhere as removed as possible from my own culture. Japan seemed like the perfect pick. But why had I wanted to go to foreign places so eagerly, I wondered? Why the urge to travel?,The first reason, if I was honest, had to be food, but there was a second explanation to that desire, and that was to understand different ways of being on the planet, of interpreting what it is that we are; maybe soul, maybe recycled material from trees and rocks, maybe a piece of God, maybe nature, maybe nothing at all. That precise way of being that was Japan was still to me an ocean of unknowns.,I opened my convenience store oyakodon and put it in the microwave. It was Saturday, and Saturdays were always lazy. Everyday was lazy here. In a heavily overcrowded country, there was always a strange sense of personal space. One could even call it loneliness. I stared at the turning plate, sitting still on the floor like a wannabe, bored Buddhist monk.,I was making time before I left to Osaka for a concert by the American punk band Antemasque and the Mexican band Le Butcherettes, with nothing to do but look and wait. Beep. I took my food out, and the sweet smell of soy and mirin occupied the 4.5 tatamis – and their corresponding vertical airspace – that made up the room.,Ever since I found out about this dish, I had liked its name as much as its taste. Oyakodon. Oya (親), meaning parent, ko (子), child, and anything ending with don (丼), a bowl of rice with something over it.,The parent-child bowl was made of chicken and egg over rice. Was I approaching something uniquely Japanese here? A perverse sense of humor, maybe, hidden in everyday, dull life?,But, if I was honest, everything seemed, though hard to understand, uniquely Japanese on this island. Even riding a train was a cultural experience, a shock of sorts. Bodies facing the windows in an orderly fashion, green, organized countryside slipping by as if a gif repeating itself forever, comfortable chairs with heating where short-sleeved workers with white shirts could sit in during the winter, and a thousand ads of bright colors and overall differentness.,A moving train served as a good metaphor for the Japanese heart. Collective in its direction and effort yet individual, efficient, strong, resilient, polite, silent, punctual, beautiful, kind, and opaque, with its details hidden from sight. The more I learned, the more everything looked like a mystery.,After a couple of weeks of being in the country, and visiting Osaka, I had decided to join a music club where I could play the drums, something I used to do back home. Music is, after all, an international language, and making noise is always fun. Most music clubs seemed serious, committed to themselves in a very Japanese way.,After a careful, very short, consideration, I joined a music club of adorable weirdos with long hair, colorful shirts, and quirky smiles who, not speaking much English, loved to say “yeah, man” or “very cool” when not appropriate, played Super Smash Brothers and Final Fantasy VII like their lives depended on it, and dreamed of, at least once, being able to smoke pot.,Still, even in that space of transgression, tradition was respected. Shoes were taken off under every circumstance – I still remember the uncomfortable laughter when I first entered the club with my rainy day boots on -, and the best seats were reserved to the elders.,I had made one good friend in the club, Kouji. He was a guitar-playing, shy, tender man, who was studying a master’s in philosophy and could speak English decently. He imagined the West as some sort of 80’s American music video with lacquer and red cars and shoulder pads.,I had tried to convince him to come to the concert, but he just replied “Punk is OK, but not the best”, which meant he hated it. I had learned to understand a Japanese no, and this was as far as he was willing to go to express how keen he was on not going. Punk’s not for everyone, I guessed.,I left the house and walked to the train station. The streets were almost empty, unhurried with a distant sound of bells clinging in the wind. Perfectly cut trees, blue and red-tiled ceilings, wooden doors… Everything seemed easy, like it made sense naturally, even if it was a perfectly calculated effort. Every house fell perfectly into place with the rest. Even the occasional avant-garde building somehow clicked and felt becoming.,The train to Osaka – the fun, rowdy, almost un-Japan-like city – was filled with salaryman, elders, and school children. The first time I took it to Osaka, when the train braked, one of the suited men stepped on my foot unwillingly, yet violently, and continued staring into nothingness.,The first time this had happened, I was surprised, assuming this behavior to be out of Japanese etiquette. But there had been no apologies, not even a glance. “That was tatemae.” Kouji had explained a few days later over lunch with a giggle. “When dealing with someone outside of your inner circle, there is no need to show your true feelings, your honne, or even to apologize. He just wore the tatemae, the mask.”,He was being polite by not being polite. Leaving me out of the picture was more respectful than forcing me to interact out of my inner circle. Japanese people seemed to be able to conjure one thing and its contrary effortlessly. “I think this is hard to understand for westerners, sometimes.” Kouji went on.,“While you are dualists, we are monistic. You believe in absolutes, in opposites, such as good and bad, true and false, yes and no, etc. In here, we have mu (無), which means neither yes nor no. Or maybe both”, he said, while drawing the kanji on a napkin.,“Truth is something that is approached. It’s the same with everything else. One can be collective and individual at the same time. Laugh out of uncomfortability.” I sighed and moved my feet around in order to numb the pain. I felt like I was finally getting something. The art of both and neither.,I went inside the venue. The audience danced vigorously and made hand gestures and body swings in perfect sync. In between songs, silence. The audience listened to every word. How did this make musicians feel? Did they miss the cheering or were they happy to be truly listened to?,Once the concert was done, I joined Kouji and went out for a few drinks. People in Osaka are known, all across Japan, as the funniest, liveliest of the nation. Most comedians, as well as many musicians and actors, hail from this city. Kuidaore is one of its oldest, noblest traditions. Its meaning is “eat and drink until you drop”, and they live up to it.,This tradition is supposed to come from the times of the samurai, when the lower caste, the merchants, weren’t allowed to buy land, but, at the same time, were richer than samurais. They did what any good Osaka person would do, spend it all on drinks and food.,Coming out of enough drinking and eating to make the cast of Gaki no Tsukai proud, we saw a group of sumo wrestlers walk in front of us, strutting their impressive bodies like rockstars. Their hair was bundled in a bun, and their look was confident, their proud prance highlighted by the lights of Dotonbori, Osaka’s nocturnal district, dancing with the flow of the river.,We followed them from a distance. The ramen shops were open, steam and laughter popping out of them on full blast. We entered one next to the sumo wrestlers, ate expecting something to happen, and, when nothing but a very decent broth did, walked back to the train station to catch the first train home.,From the heated seat of the train, I saw the blurred fields, covered in darkness. I accepted the mystery. Maybe that was the reason to travel. Just not knowing. Seeing, not understanding, and moving on to something else.,That was the good part. Being relieved from that pressure, of knowing. I started to fall asleep, rocked by the slightly-lighted nothingness that carried me, and Kouji, and all of the unknown people home safely.,“By the way”, said Kouji suddenly, waking me up. “A cover band called Pex Sistols are playing tomorrow near here. Everyone is going. Let’s go.”,Didn’t he hate punk?,“Mu”, I thought of saying. “Yeah, man. Very cool”, I replied and went back to sleep.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Alfonso Portabales (1988) is a writer and freelance journalist. He has published in the magazines Man on the Moon, Luzes, Público and Intrepid Times, where he wrote about travel, politics and culture. He has worked and lived in Geneva and London, as well as in Peru, Thailand, Nepal, Spain and Japan.,Great read!,Super interesting read! Looking forward to visit Osaka,From the masterpieces of Antoni Gaudí to Pablo Picasso, see the best sights of Barcelona, Spain. Cuisine, history and art are all in this guide of top 10 things to do on your trip.,Barcelona, Spain, is a top destination in Europe. The popular Spanish city in the Catalonia region is home to top chefs and thriving restaurants, an electric nightlife, art museums, unlimited sightseeing opportunities and Gothic 19th-century architecture. ,The list of fun and rewarding activities for visitors to Barcelona is long, so we’ve put together a list of the top 10 things to do in Barcelona.,Also, we have linked to tickets for each of these experiences. Purchasing tickets ahead of time will save you time and money. It’s quick and simple to line up everything you need for your visit with GetYourGuide, our trusted travel partner. (Please note, we make a small commission if you make a purchase.) , ,Sagrada Familia, or the Basílica de la Sagrada Família, is an architectural marvel constructed in the style of Gothic or Art Nouveau and was designed by famed architect Antoni Gaudí. This large Roman Catholic minor basilica in Barcelona’s Eixample District is worth the visit and booking a guided tour ahead of time. ,The Picasso Museum Barcelona is an art museum featuring works by famed artist Pablo Picasso. This museum features over 4,200 works of art of this 20th-century Spanish painter. Picasso’s major works are part of this permanent exhibit. ,The Park Güell  was designed by Antoni Gaudi in Catalan modernism. This public park opened in 1926 after being built between 1900 and 1914. ,Take in the beauty of Barcelona’s skyline at the Barcelona Harbor, constructed for the 1992 Olympic games to host Olympic sailing events and provide spectacular views of the Mediterranean Sea Today the marina is home to over 730 berths and numerous hotels, restaurants (tapas) and bars, and stretches from Drassanes Wharf to the Olympic marina. , ,Montjuïc has several art museums, such as the National Museum of Catalan Art, with a breathtaking view of Barcelona’s city center from its steps. However, Montjuïc is better known for the Magic Fountain, which comes to life in the evening (on weekends) thanks to an impressive light and sound show.,Barceloneta has some of the best beaches in Spain and straddles Port Vell and its sandy shores. Barceloneta’s narrow streets and corridors create a charming feeling in this Ciutat Vella district dating to the 18th century. ,Catalan architect Antoni Gaudi’s style and work is stamped throughout Barcelona City, and Casa Batlló is no exception. Casa Batllo’s unusual facade sparkles, thanks to its jeweled exterior. Originally built in 1877 by Antoni Gaudi, it was redesigned in 1904 by the same architect and it continues to evolve. But its beauty has staying power and is worth visiting. ,It’s no secret that Spain’s most popular sport is football (known as soccer in the U.S.). Camp Nou is the fourth-largest football stadium in the world and the largest in Spain and Europe, with a seating capacity of 99,354. Home to FC Barcelona, Camp Nou is worth visiting even if you are not a fan of football or if there is no game. ,With GetYourGuide, you can take a behind the scenes tour of F.C. Barcelona at Camp Nou with a journalist. You’ll get to walk out onto the pitch, visit the visitor changing rooms, and find out why Barça is more than a club with a sports journalist.,La Boqueria is a large public market located in the center of Las Ramblas, a tree-lined pedestrian street in Barcelona. This foodie’s paradise is well-stocked with fresh fruits, veggies and meats and dates to the early-1200s. ,Casa Milà or La Pedrera, also designed by Antoni Gaudi, was completed in 1912 on Passeig de Gràcia and is considered a modernist Catalan design under the designated UNESCO list. ,Other noted sights that are not-to-be-missed while visiting Barcelona include Palau de la Musica Catalana, Barri Gotic, Gothic Quarter, Museu Nacional d’Art de Catalunya, Montserrat and Parc de la Ciutadella. , ,Author Bio: Angie Cavallari is a lifestyle and pop culture expert and author of “Trailer Trash: an ‘80s Memoir.”Her work has been featured in Huffington Post, The Reset and, Go World Travel, among others. When she is not traveling, she enjoys spending time with her kids and her precocious pug, JJ.,Although Barcelona is full of all kinds of sights, in fact, those that are really worthwhile are very few. One of them is definitely the most famous – Sagrada Familia.,Unlike other landmarks with similar status and fame, which often turn out to be overrated, this one fully justifies its fame. A majestic place – both outside and inside, and the view of the city from one of its towers.,one of the best destination to visit.,Nice article, but that picture of the “boat tour” is actually nowhere near “Barcelona harbour” (I’m assuming you mean one of the ports, like Port Vell or Port Olimpic – still, that spot is nowhere in Barcelona). Just letting you know as I have lived in Barcelona for years.,Barcelona is one of my favorite destinations to visit in Europe. Enjoyed a lot in Park Guell. Thanks for the guide..,Visit historic Charleston, which is full of historic sights, beautiful architecture, friendly people and delicious southern food.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,As I stepped off the curb onto Market Street, the raging waters enveloped my sandaled foot, rose past my ankle and threatened to sweep me off my feet. My wife Kathy stood under an awning clinging to her wind-whipped umbrella.,She awaited my estimation sheathed in a plastic garbage bag. “We can make it” I opined, “but you’ll get wet”. “I’m already wet” she stated in an obvious reply. Thus, we continued our merry but soggy exploration of Charleston.,Hurricane Ida was side-swiping one of the South’s oldest cities. It was inundating it with torrential rainfall that threatened to overwhelm its barely above sea level sewer system. Still, with a limited amount of time to enjoy the charms of the seaside city of Charleston, we did not want to waste time holed up in a hotel room.,We trudged across the watery thoroughfare and entered the Old City Market. Based on the occupants of the horse-drawn carriage that passed us by, we were not the only ones unwilling to be deterred by a mere hurricane.,The historic Charleston City Market is one of the city’s more popular attractions. Local entrepreneurs sell a wide range of local wares at one of the nation’s oldest public markets. The sprawling four-block retail venue has nearly 300 vendors selling beautiful handicrafts.,Although on this day it was apparent that more than a few had decided to sleep in late.,Our damp adventure had begun 3 days earlier. It was a much drier afternoon when we had flown into Charleston, South Carolina. Our aim was to experience the allure of the Holy City’s steeple-dotted skyline, colonial homes and cobblestone streets.,The occasioned nickname “The Holy City” appears to refer to the prolific amount of houses of worship whose many spires give it a distinctive look. It is said that no building can be built higher than Charleston’s tallest church steeple.,We settled into the Harbor View Inn with its sweeping views of the Charleston harbor and Waterfront Park. The inn’s Rooftop Terrace is one of the best places in the city to enjoy the vista.,Our late arrival on a busy Sunday found us searching for a table at one of the eateries on East Bay Street. Apparently, reservations are recommended. We stumbled out of the bright sunlit day into Poogan’s Smokehouse and found two chairs at the bar.,The 19th-century exposed brick walls were bathed in a subtle hint of fragrant smokiness. With recommendations from our host, we settled on a couple of local Charleston brews. These were matched with their juicy pulled pork, chicken, smoked sausage, slaw and house chips. We felt we were off to a good start.,Afterward, we walked down to the waterfront. We passed the splash fountain filled with squealing children. Then headed onto the pier that reaches out into the depths of the harbor. Here we joined several onlookers and watched sailboats ply the calm waters.,Morning found us on the rooftop terrace where we enjoyed breakfast along with a striking sunrise over the working harbor. Charleston embraces a slower pace and the lower peninsula of this historic city provides a perfect venue for a post-breakfast walk.,We strolled south through Waterfront Park with its well-known Pineapple Fountain and along cobblestone streets past the famed Rainbow Row of pastel-colored homes. This led us onto The Battery, a defensive seawall and promenade located on the lower shores of Charleston’s headland.,At the southern point of the Battery is White Point Garden. The park is located at the confluence of the Ashley and Cooper Rivers as they flow into the harbor. It has several monuments, a gazebo, and massive cannons that date back to the Civil War.,Its wide grassy areas shaded by old oak trees proved perfect for a midday respite from the rising temperature.  ,You don’t need a car in the historic Downtown Charleston. However, if you want to get off your feet for an hour, you could always take a carriage ride. Call it touristy, but taking in Charleston history from a horse carriage is one of the most popular tours in the area. After all, we were tourists.,With the equestrian consort of Lilo & Boppy, our tour guide with Palmetto Carriage Works pointed out the famous and sometimes infamous homes of Charleston. The unique architecture, including the ornate wrought ironwork, decorated many of the homes.,Against a backdrop of soaring church steeples, past unique streets only four feet wide, we clopped along. During this time she regaled us with stories of the people who made Charleston. Also, why Charleston single homes with their wide piazzas are built as they are, the significance of earthquake bolts and much more.,It was easy to imagine ourselves being driven to one of these famed antebellum homes for a quiet afternoon’s Southern interlude.,For dinner, we ended up at Amen Street Fish & Raw Bar seeking a taste of local fair. We discovered she-crab soup, a rich, creamy Charleston delight made with crab, roe and a hint of sherry. Combined with plates of fried green tomatoes and oysters we were in southern culinary heaven.,The following day we walked (and walked; an uber may have been appropriate this day) to The South Carolina Aquarium. Besides sharks, seahorses, wading birds, otters, and fish of all colors, it is also home to the Sea Turtle Care Center. This is a hospital for the care of sick and injured sea turtles.,When a sea turtle is found stranded or injured off the coast of South Carolina, the animal is brought to the Sea Turtle Care Center for treatment by a dedicated staff and volunteers.,On this particular day, there were a half dozen rescues in need of treatment for a variety of illnesses including injury from a boat strike. Three of the patients were released the day after our visit.,History in Charleston is as thick as the humidity on a late summer day. Museums such as Forts Moultrie & Sumter ring the harbor. Several grand homes of the bellwethers of Charleston are open to the public, and architectural treasures explore the deep history in the city’s past.,An effusive guide in historical costume coaxed us into one, the Old Exchange & Provost Dungeon. Built in 1771, it has a long history in Charleston’s past. George Washington had greeted a crowd of Charlestonians from its balcony. After the British captured the city in 1780, its basement was used as a military prison.,Walking through the eerie confines of the dank brick barrel-vaulted rooms where as many as 120 prisoners were kept had a spectral quality to it. Some might say haunting.,You cannot ignore Charleston’s contribution to the slave trade, considering that an estimated 40% of the enslaved people brought to the US passed through Charleston. A few blocks from the Old Exchange, the Slave Mart Museum tells that compelling story.,Ryan’s Auction Mart opened on the site of this museum, and African-Americans were held and auctioned off here between 1856 and 1863. The building has a heart-breaking air about it that is difficult to ignore.,Our final meal was at Slightly North of Broad, or “SNOB,” as the locals like to refer to it. Located in a former 18th-century warehouse building of burnished wood floors lit by elegant chandeliers, we started with pickled shrimp and then I dove into a bowl of shrimp and grits, a South Carolina specialty for generations.,Kathy enjoyed seared flounder on a squash puree.  It was epicurean magic for our last evening.,We fell in love with the charms of Charleston as we wandered the neighborhoods, marveled at the old-world homes and enjoyed the spectacular waterfront where hospitality and history came alive and embraced us.,Ready to plan your historic escape to Charleston, South Carolina? Start preparing with local restaurant reviews, hotel and VRBO accommodations, insider tips on the best historic gems and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Charleston International Airport provides easy access to plenty of nearby attractions. Find the best flight deals and ground transportation options in Charleston through CheapOair.,Find more skip-the-line tickets, expert-led tours and unique historic activities in Charleston through GetYourGuide.,Things to do:,Places to eat:,Where to stay:,Author Bio: Frank Hosek is a sometime traveler who embraces the journey and the written word.,Maui is home to a thriving Hawaiian culture. Here are six ways to experience authentic Hawaiian culture.,With its golden sand beaches and unforgettable sunsets, Maui is known for its breathtaking beauty. Yet the island is also home to a revitalized and thriving Hawaiian culture. Here’s how you can dig deeper and experience Hawaii on a new level. This is an authentic way to travel in Hawaii.,Produced by Janna Graber and Benjamin Rader.,If You Go,Maui Visitors Bureau
www.visitmaui.com,Watch more travel videos from Go World Travel Magazine,Read more: Exploring Maui by Car,There are more things to do in Indianapolis than the famous Indy 500. Here’s a list of cultural activties, performing arts and fun for kids.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Indianapolis, Indiana may be best known as the home of the Indianapolis 500. But this midwestern capital is also rich with museums and cultural activities for all ages.,The Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art is located in the White River State Park. It is within walking distance to other museums, hotels and attractions.,The museum is dedicated to sharing diverse stories about the history and cultures of Native Americans and the American West. It celebrates artists, past and present, in a stunning array of galleries and exhibitions.,Marvel at works by Frederic Remington and Georgia O’Keeffe depicting people and places. Many also find themselves drawn to works by Native Americans, both traditional and contemporary. The diversity of the people is represented here.,The Native American art collection demonstrates the continued resilience of Native peoples, cultures and arts. Each item tells a story. It is a connection to the community that created it.,Enjoy the café and shop then stroll outside to see sculptures and walk along the Central Canal.,Stay warm on your evening or fall day walk with layers from SCOTTeVEST. With over 11 concealed pockets on each clothing piece, you can easily store all your travel essentials and still look great. Check out their selection here.,Now through May, THE LUME is featuring, THE LUME: Van Gogh. This 60-minute digital presentation of Vincent van Gogh’s most iconic art is accompanied by music and sound effects.,As you explore 30,000 square feet of floor-to-floor projections, you see his genius and his sadness. The beauty of it is quite literally all around you. This is the largest exhibition in Newfields 137-year history.,Don’t wrap up your visit just yet. Be sure to explore gallery after gallery of European and American artists. Works by Rembrandt, Turner, Cezanne, Picasso, Hopper, Calder and more await as well as the iconic “LOVE” sculpture from Indiana-born artist Robert Indiana.,Newfields has much to offer. In addition to the Art Museum, you can explore the Lilly House. This is a National Historic Landmark and an excellent example of a 20th-century country estate.,Also, 100 acres of garden and art encompassing the Virginia B. Fairbanks Art and Nature Park. There are numerous places to dine and shop as well as a beer garden.,The Children’s Museum of Indianapolis is an adventure for children and adults alike. The collection here has over 130,000 artifacts and specimens that bring the museum to life with over 80 years of history. ,Many come for the dinosaur exhibits, which delight audiences, as does the historic Carousel. Dating back to 1917, the Carousel seems magical. Detailed painted animals salvaged from an original carousel that operated in Broad Ripple Park are a highlight.,Beyond Spaceship Earth is an immersive exhibition telling the story of NASA’s Project Mercury program A program that sent the first Americans to the International Space Station.,Here, you can explore artifacts from astronauts as well as learn about how they perform experiments and live their daily lives in space. You can even try on space gear. The Indiana Astronaut Wall of Fame highlights Hoosier’s who have made an astronomical impact.,New to the museum is the only permanent exhibit in the world dedicated to Malala Yousafzai. Malala was a young Pakistani activist who was shot by the Taliban in her fight for female education.,She survived and went on to become the youngest person ever to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2014. Her story opens on September 18th as part of the Power of Children exhibit. There’s also a shop and food court in the museum.,Other museums include the Kurt Vonnegut Museum and Library, the USS Indianapolis Museum and the James Whitcomb Riley Museum Home.,Founded in 2009, the Rhythm! Discovery Center is the world’s only interactive drum and percussion museum. Featuring interactive exhibits that highlight its collection of artifacts and instruments. It’s a place where the history of percussion is celebrated for all ages and promotes its role in world cultures.,Explore different exhibit spaces including Evolving Sounds. Here you can learn about their celestaphone, made of meteorites. You can also trace the history of percussion instruments in an orchestra and learn how they are used in cultures throughout the world.,Indianapolis has a walkable downtown. White River State Park offers many acres of walking space dotted with art and attractions. The Eiteljorg Museum, Indiana State Museum/IMAX Theatre and the NCAA Hall of Champions are all located along the Central Canal.,You can rent pedal boats, take a gondolier ride or spend some time in Military Park. Further into White River State Park, you will find more green space, a concert venue and the Indianapolis Zoo.,Elsewhere downtown, head to Monument Circle to take in the impressive Soldiers and Sailors Monument. Explore shops and restaurants in the area and admire the Statehouse Building.,Then head to the Circle Centre Mall for more activities. Also, the Indianapolis Artsgarden features free performances and monthly art exhibitions from central Indiana artists. It is owned and operated by the Arts Council of Indianapolis and is celebrating its 25th anniversary. ,The Madam Walker Legacy Center uses its historic building as a venue for celebrating cultural diversity primarily through art from the African American perspective. Madam CJ Walker was the daughter of former slaves. She went on to become one of the twentieth century’s most self-made and successful women entrepreneurs.,Today, the Center provides cultural education, promotes social justice and empowers the leaders of tomorrow. Check in advance for upcoming programs and events.,Performing arts is another reason to visit Indianapolis. The city is home to the Indianapolis Ballet, Indianapolis Chamber Orchestra and the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra.,This December, “The Nutcracker” returns to the stage of the Ballet. Plus the Symphony Orchestra will be presenting, AES Indiana Yuletide Celebration. This will feature Broadway-style showstoppers and Tap-Dancing Santas.,Finally, the Chamber Orchestra (located at Butler University) performs “A Baroque Christmas” on December 12th.,Just south of downtown is the Fountain Square Cultural District. Packed with shops, artists, restaurants and more. You’ll also find artists at work in this vibrant community.  Whether vintage or vino is your vibe, you’ll find it here.,Ready to explore the treasures of Indianapolis? Start planning your trip with hotel or VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews, best shops to visit and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For a museum or cultural break, Indianapolis is a destination worth exploring. For more information, visit www.visitindy.com.,Author Bio: Mary Casey-Sturk is a travel and features writer based in Greater Cincinnati. Her work has appeared in Hyde Park Living Magazine, the Cincinnati Enquirer, Nashville Arts Magazine, Smoky Mountain Living Magazine, the Tennessean, Cincy Magazine, Long Weekends Magazine and more. Her book, “Eating Cheese Curds with Strangers: The Misadventures of a Travel Writer” is available now on Amazon,A traveler reflects on her visit to the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, ranked the sixth ugliest building in the world by CNN.,A guard wearing a snow white uniform and a menacing scowl motioned his night-stick at me. Having fallen one step behind, I dutifully adjusted my stride.,A man in front of me made the mistake of putting his hands in his pockets. The same security officer prodded him back into submission with a quick jab.,I scanned the waiting line and saw sullen faces.,The rules regarding behavior to view Ho Chi Minh’s body blared over the loud speakers during the one-hour queue snaking through Hanoi’s Ba Dinh Square; no hands in pockets, no talking and absolutely no photos.,Local devotees and foreign visitors formed two regimented lines, but not everyone heeded the guidelines.,I cringed every time my husband slipped out his camera and sneaked a shot of the drab, granite building, flanked by Communist Party and Vietnamese flags.,I imagined being hauled off to the Hanoi Hilton Prison if caught violating protocol.,At the entrance to the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, considered by CNN to be the world’s sixth ugliest building, the military honor guard enforced the regulations with firmer jabs from well-worn batons.,Stiff faced, we filed past the glass sarcophagus where the embalmed corpse of Vietnam’s President and head of the Vietnamese Communist Party from 1945 until his death in 1969, lay in perpetuity, like Lenin and Mao.,The nation’s citizens idolize their beloved and immortalized leader, known affectionately as Ba Ho, favorite uncle.,They must have forgotten or forgiven or perhaps never known about his brutal side, when he ordered thousands of North Vietnamese massacred for resisting his land redistribution plan.,If confronted with these facts, present day worshipers might shout, ‘Say it ain’t so, Uncle Ho.’,Every year, Ho gets a two-month vacation, when he flies off to Russia for his annual re-embalming, like a car’s yearly inspection.,He looked ready for a tune-up, as spotlights illuminated his grey tinged face, faded-white goatee and pasty, ashen hands.,With silhouetted shadows around the body, the glass tomb resembled a set in Madame Tussaud’s Wax Museum.,The daily line to the mausoleum complex forms at 7 a.m. and extends for blocks. Free to all Vietnamese, followers wait patiently to ‘be’ with the ‘Father of their Country.’,On September 2, 1945, Ho Chi Minh created the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in this very square.,He borrowed the passage, ‘all men are created equal’ from Thomas Jefferson, for Vietnam’s Declaration of Independence from France.,As a young man, Ho Chi Minh left his native land, and traveled the world for many years, cultivating his lifelong commitment to communism and Marxism.,While living for a time in Harlem, he developed his disdain for American capitalism. If he could hear the hawking of French baguettes on every Vietnamese street corner.,The sale of knock-off Rolexes and Gucci bags and the surge of private enterprise, he would roll over in his glass showcase and cry out, “Say it ain’t so.”,The only visible communist vestige left in Vietnam is the single political party system and the not so visible harsh tracking of its citizens’ affairs.,Nationalism and socialism remain the central themes of the government, but capitalism has exploded and there’s no turning back. Sorry, Uncle Ho. It is so.,In his last Will and Testament, Ho Chi Minh, a name he selected that translates into One Who Enlightens, left instructions for his remains to be cremated. ,He ordered his ashes to be sprinkled from Hanoi to Saigon, pinch by pinch, so that all the people would benefit from his greatness. He even believed that his dust would improve the soil to spur on agricultural production.,Party officials decided otherwise and built the mausoleum, using materials donated from all over the country.,They wanted Ba Ho physically with the people. Now, trapped forever, he seemed to be pleading from his glass prison, “Say it ain’t so.”,Our visit to Vietnam coincided with a national celebration. Every city sparkled with starry lights and spangled banners.,The government was preparing for the anniversary of the Fall of Saigon, April 30, 1975; Reunification Day, when the North and South became one under the tight fist of Ho Chi Minh style Communism.,Party leaders expected the celebration to inspire a surge of nationalism. Residents above the 17th parallel showed enthusiasm, but the ‘reunified’ citizens we spoke to in the south reacted coolly. The country’s harmony felt artificial.,For us, Americans who had protested the Vietnam War, these festivities stirred dormant memories. The connection between the two countries cannot be forgotten nor the complexity denied.,The U.S. had built the main airstrip for fighter and cargo planes through the center of Da Nang. As we drove on that runway, now a four-lane highway, I thought, ‘Say it ain’t so.’,We arrived in Saigon eager to explore this Vietnamese metropolis that once coexisted with U.S. soldiers. Just outside the hotel, motorbikes created a traffic nightmare, cramming a wide boulevard. ,Brooks Brothers, Ralph Lauren and Tiffany’s lined the ground floor of a gleaming glass skyscraper. Pandemonium prevailed and capitalism tainted the Asian ambiance.,It resembled 5th Avenue in New York City.  My husband and I shared a disappointing glance. “Say it ain’t so, Uncle Ho.”,Author bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric field work in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,[mappress mapid=”985″],In 2020, Broadway had to dim its lights and close their doors to audiences. Thankfully, Broadway is back with 50 remarkable shows to kick off 2022.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Do you love theater? The good news is that Broadway is blooming again. More Broadway shows have been added since the beginning of the year with 15 new ones taking the stage by the end of April to allow for Tony Award consideration.,Here’s the latest roundup of ongoing and new shows. Some are still in previews with openings planned in the next several months. See as many as you can before the Tony Awards air on June 12. ,Take note which Broadway shows have limited runs. To keep updated, sites like www.broadway.org, The Broadway League’s official online info site; www.telecharge.com, www.broadwaybox.com, and www.todaytix.com are great places to further your awareness of Broadway show openings and closings, ticket availability and deals, and other theater news.,Also download the TKTS app for real-time listings at the Theater Development Organization’s discount, day-of ticket booth at Father Duffy Square just north of Times Square.,For a larger-than-life Broadway show experience, The new Broadway Grand Gallery exhibition features 21 currently running shows on 11 large Playbill monoliths. The installation is located on the Broadway Plaza between 47th and 48th Streets and will be on display through June 15.,Beetlejuice,What are the three words you’re never supposed to say? He’s back. After a hiatus that began pre-pandemic, Beetlejuice has returned in all its ghoulish, madcap glory. Based on Tim Burton’s endearing movie, Beetlejuice the musical features a conga line and the classic Day-O number. If you feel inspired, come in your best Beetlejuice attire.,Marquis Theatre, www.beetlejuicebroadway.com ,Birthday Candles,Debra Messing stars in this new production by the Roundabout Theatre Company. Messing and cast travel through 70+ years of birthdays and the philosophical questions that surround each. Closes May 29.,American Airlines Theatre, www.roundabouttheatre.org ,Company,An even more important show now with the recent passing of its composer-lyricist Stephen Sondheim, Company remains one of the most brilliant examples of Sondheim’s genius. The revival takes the story of a group of friends and switches up the genders. Don’t miss your chance to see Patti Lupone singing “The Ladies Who Lunch” in the role created by the indomitable Elaine Stritch.,Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre, www.companymusical.com ,For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide / When the Rainbow Is Enuf,A revival of the Ntozake Shange’s groundbreaking “chorepoem” of the 70s, For Colored Girls tells the stories of seven Black women through a fusion of music, dance, poetry and song.,Booth Theatre, www.forcoloredgirlsbway.com ,Funny Girl,No, it’s not Barbra Streisand on stage in this beloved musical. Tony-nominated actress Beanie Feldman is the new Fanny Brice, marking a return of Funny Girl to Broadway after its debut 58 years ago. The story is an uplifting one: Fanny Brice, a girl from the Lower East Side, dreams of life on the stage and succeeds. Also starring Jane Lynch.,August Wilson Theatre, www.funnygirlonbroadway.com ,How I Learned to Drive,Reuniting the two original stars of the 1997 off-Broadway production, Mary-Louise Parker and David Morse, How I Learned to Drive is a memory play about a woman coming to terms with a charismatic uncle who impacts her past, present and future life. ,Samuel J. Friedman Theatre, www.manhattantheatreclub.com ,The Little Prince,A fanciful telling of Antoine de Saint-Exupery’s captivating story about The Little Prince takes to the Broadway stage with aerial artistry, music, video and exciting choreography. It’s a treat for all ages. Through August 14.,Broadway Theatre, www.thelittleprincebroadway.com ,MJ,Popular among Michael Jackson fans worldwide , MJ follows the career of the “King of Pop” while focusing on the making of Jackson’s Dangerous World tour. The dancing is spectacular and the songs from the Jackson Five through Michael Jackson’s solo days will have you rocking in your seat. ,Neil Simon Theatre, www.MJTheMusical.com  ,Mr. Saturday Night,Billy Crystal’s back with a musical comedy follow-up to 700 Sundays, the Tony-award winning story of life with his father. Mr. Saturday Night, originally a film directed by Crystal, is one man’s tale of being both a comedian and a family man and getting a second chance at both.,Nederlander Theatre, www.mrsaturdaynightonbroadway.com ,Mrs. Doubtfire,You know the story made famous by Robin Williams in the title role of the movie. Divorced dad Daniel Hillard finds a way to spend time with his kids by reinventing himself as a Scottish nanny, Euphegenia Doubtfire. This musical interpretation invites all ages to experience family life in an entirely different way.,Stephen Sondheim Theatre, www.mrsdoubtfirebroadway.com ,The Music Man,The highly anticipated remake of The Music Man with Tony-, Grammy- and Emmy Award- award-winning star Hugh Jackman as Professor Harold Hill and Tony Award-winner Sutton Foster as Marion Paroo has wowed audiences with the beautiful sets, songs and stars. Originally premiered on Broadway in 1957, The Music Man earned its place in Broadway lore running 1375 performances and with a cast album that won the first-ever Grammy Award for Best Original Cast Album and stayed on the charts for nearly five years.,The Winter Garden Theatre, www.Musicmanonbroadway.com,Plaza Suite,Neil Simon’s comedy triptych set in a suite in Manhattan’s Plaza Hotel features Sarah Jessica Parker and Mathew Broderick as three relationship-questioning couples. SJP’s comedic skills are on full display in this play firmly set in the 60s. The chemistry between the two leads is a given. Limited run through June.,Hudson Theatre, www.plazasuitebroadway.com ,Six,Set to originally open on the exact night that Broadway went dark in March 2020, Six is a rocking musical-concert telling the tales of the six wives of Henry VIII. The transplant from the West End will have you repeating the show’s “divorced, beheaded, died, divorced, beheaded, survived” chorus over and over again. ,Brooks Atkinson Theatre, www.SIXonBroadway.com ,Take Me Out,A revival of Richard Greenberg’s Tony Award-winning hit, Take Me Out is the story of a gay baseball player of color contending with the reactions of his teammates and others. The show is not appropriate for younger audiences. Note: your phone will be placed in a locked case during the show and will be unlocked when you leave. Limited run through June 11.,Hayes Theater, www.2st.com/shows/take-me-out ,The Skin of Our Teeth,Lincoln Center’s production of Thornton Wilder’s play is a timely exploration of the end of the world over and over again through George and Maggie Antrobus’s survival instincts.,Vivian Beaumont Theatre, www.lct.org/shows/skin-our-teeth ,Aladdin,One of two current Disney supershows on Broadway, Aladdin is now in its ninth year (ignoring the pandemic time off).  A great introduction to live theater for viewers of all ages, the show is the consummate tour of adventure mixed with music. You’ll recognize the songs like “You’ve Never Had a Friend Like Me.”,New Amsterdam Theatre, www.aladdinthemusical.com  ,The Book of Mormon,Do you love South Park?  Then this play-cum-musical is a must for you. A little offensive, a lot crazy, the show irreverently tells the tale of two Mormon boys who have been given their first “conversion” assignment far far away from their hometowns. ,Eugene O’Neill Theatre, www.bookofmormonbroadway.com  ,Chicago,It’s hard to believe that this fabulous, utterly contemporary musical has been running for 25 years. No matter how many times you see Roxie Hart, Velma Kelly and their murderous cohorts sing about what  landed them in jail, the show is as fresh and sexy as ever. If you can, try to imagine Joel Grey, the original Mr. Cellophane, when you watch. The choreography by Bob Fosse is legendary.,Ambassador Theatre, www.chicagothemusical.com ,Come from Away,An emotion-evoking musical about the kind-hearted folks of Gander, Newfoundland who welcomed passengers stranded on incoming international US flights on 9/11, Come from Away tugs at the heartstrings with its passionate cast of characters. As tragic as the real-life story is, this is an event that remains an uplifting tale of resilience and cooperation. It’s a must-see.,Schoenfeld Theatre, www.comefromaway.com ,David Byrne’s American Utopia,What started as a concert performance led by David Byrne, filled with gloriously unusual barefoot dance against the songs of David Byrne and the Talking Heads, has become a Tony-winning Broadway sensation. Synchronicity in song and movement, expressiveness, costuming, lighting, instrumentation and a rocking rhythm create an evening of theatrical performance that will have you tapping your toes and rocking out.  ,St. James Theater, www.AmericanUtopiaBroadway.com ,Dear Evan Hansen,For any teenager who’s ever suffered from feeling like an outsider, Evan Hansen is immediately relatable. Evan Hansen, alone with his divorced mother, faces the challenges of moving beyond his own issues to integrate himself into his high school. A tragedy changes his life in ways he could never have imagined. The music is memorable and the digital effects are breathtaking. You may have seen the movie, but this is the real thing.,Music Box Theatre, www.dearevanhansen.com  ,Girl from the North Country,Bob Dylan’s music becomes the foundation for this play about  a guesthouse in the North Country. Innkeepers and guests share in each other’s lives with Dylan’s tunes delivered with surprising renditions. Originally off-Broadway at the Public Theatre. Closes June 11.,Belasco Theatre, www.NorthCountryonBroadway.com ,Hadestown,Greek mythology characters Orpheus and Eurydice and King Hades and Persephone are two couples trapped in differing worlds. Darkness and light, love and a trio of singing Fates add to the mystique of this breathtaking show. The on-stage musicians play an intoxicating mix of New Orleans-inspired Jazz and folk music.,Walter Kerr Theatre, www.Hadestown.com ,Hamilton,The show that shattered all records and changed theatrical history is back in all its glory. Rap, ballads, deceit and ambition all mix together in Lin-Manuel Miranda’s groundbreaking musical about the life of Alexander Hamilton. If you didn’t know much about Hamilton and his relationship with Aaron Burr before this play arrived on Broadway or the Disney Channel, you certainly will by the end of this show. Creative staging, stunning costumes and rapid-fire lyrics add to the show’s brilliance. ,Richard Rodgers Theatre, www.hamiltononbroadway.com ,Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,The wizardry is back! And now in one extended performance, rather than two back-to-back or separate parts, you can watch the special effects from the movies take place in real life. Hogwarts and all of your favorite characters have grown up with their own children to worry about. See it twice – once from an orchestra seat and once from the mezzanine where you’ll be gifted with a different view of the spectacular set changes and magic.,Lyric Theatre, www.harrypotteronstage.com/us.com ,The Lion King,The second of Disney’s gargantuan Broadway hits currently running, The Lion King is a visually striking depiction of the story of the animals living in Pride Land. The characters – Simba, Nala, Timon and Pumba — are familiar from the animated movie of the same name. The show’s standout “Circle of Life” song and procession will stay with you long after you’ve left the theatre.,Minskoff Theatre, www.lionking.com ,Moulin Rouge,An over-the-top, musical interpretation of Baz Luhrmann’s film about decadent Parisian, literary life, Moulin Rouge is a wondrous romp through the Bohemian lifestyles of its characters, replete with more than 70 songs that will test your knowledge of pop music. There’s a reason this show won the Tony Award for Best Musical. See it again and again.,Al Hirschfeld Theatre, www.moulinrougemusical.com ,The Phantom of the Opera,No matter if you’ve seen this musical once or five times, the chandelier scene will still have you gasping out loud. A thriller about an opera singer and the masked phantom who yearns to be with her, Andrew Lloyd Webber’s musically rich Phantom of the Opera has been playing to packed houses since 1988.,Majestic Theatre, www.thephantomoftheopera.com ,TINA: the Tina Turner Musical,Fans of Tina Turner will love this musical story of the singer’s rise from being part of the Ike and Tina Turner duo to stardom on her own merit. The songs, the shimmies and the hair will have you dancing all night to the music of the Queen of Rock ‘n Roll. ,Lunt-Fontanne Theatre, www.TinaOnBroadway.com ,To Kill a Mockingbird,Harper Lee’s story of 1930s Alabama racism, prejudice and innocence centers on lawyer Atticus Finch’s attempts to correct overt injustice. Greg Kinnear leads the cast.,Shubert Theatre, www.tokillamockingbirdbroadway.com ,Wicked,Who doesn’t love the Wizard of Oz?  Wicked takes another look at the Man Behind the Curtain story with a story about two school chums who grow up to be Glinda the Good Witch and the Wicked Witch of the West, the gorgeously green Elphaba.,Gershwin Theatre, www.wickedthemusical.com ,Ready to be dazzled by these spectacular Broadway shows in New York City? Start planning your trip with local guides to the best restaurants, hotel and VRBO options, tips on how to get around and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Make the most of your trip to see Broadway shows with unique New York City activities, skip-the-line tickets, expert-led tours for your stay through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,Visit CheapOair for exclusive flight discount codes and any other transportation needs for your New York City vacation.,Witness a rarely seen event while celebrating the dead with lively local customs.,The loud, rhythmic sounds of people chanting and drumming and the sight of hundreds of others dressed in multi-colored batik sarongs and swirling skirts are overwhelming.,Sensory overload sets in from the bright sunshine, suffocating heat and humidity, and sweet perfumed smell of flowers and incense wafting across the potholed, asphalt road.,Standing on the brown dirt path at the roadside, I’m stunned and bewildered as I look out at this melee of activity. Feeling self-conscious about intruding on such a personal scene I look around to see only a handful of other tourists hovering on the periphery.,A short old man, wizened by the sun, smiles and beckons me into a nearby open hut. He places a folded brown-colored cotton band around my head and a bright red and green batik sari around my waist.,He says, “Welcome to our cremation ceremony,” then leads me back out into the sweaty throng of Balinese villagers who are preparing for the procession.,A body wrapped in a white shroud is brought out of the wooden slatted village leader’s house, carried shoulder high along a dirt pathway and placed in a black coffin. White flower petals thrown by mourners descend on the coffin as it is borne to a 30-foot-high (9.1 meters) pagoda-like tower standing nearby on the road.,Passed carefully from hand to hand, the coffin is lifted up the tower by young men of the village. The coffin ascends the tower in stages, as some of the wiry and muscular men climb past it to the next level to receive it again. Eventually it is placed into a dark recess halfway up the glittering red and gold decorated tower.,The mourning family looks solemn, but members occasionally smile and wave to their friends. It’s not the typical weeping, grief-stricken scene experienced at a western funeral. The family walks in front of the tower as it’s slowly pushed and pulled along the hot dusty road by over a dozen strong young men. We head through the small ramshackle village, down the slight grade toward the cremation grounds a half-mile away.,Resting on four enormous black rubber tires, each the size of a man, the tower is so tall it was necessary to remove the overhead power lines. Hundreds of people follow, some silent, some talking and some singing. I join the throng, slowly walking with the crowd.,Balinese Hindu cremation ceremonies are among the most renowned cultural activities in the world for adhering to their ancient roots, dating back over a thousand years. The notable exception that has broken with ancient tradition:  wives of the deceased no longer throw themselves onto the blazing funeral pyres as their dead husbands are cremated.,Much of Bali’s strongly preserved cultural heritage is intertwined with the  funeral ceremonies. Its fascinating cultural traditions include traces of many religions and cults including Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Christianity, animism, magic and spirits, with hundreds of accompanying gods and demons.,Evidence of these ancient beliefs is preserved in the stone carvings of fierce-looking masks, fangs protruding, that adorn the two or three temples found in every small village. Temple rituals also reflect these beliefs.,But nowhere is evidence of these religions as strong as in Balinese cremation ceremonies. The ceremonies are quite rare and are the focus of tremendous activity by the villagers for weeks beforehand. The tower must be built, with ornate and colorful decorations to adorn it.,A huge fierce-looking black bull or water buffalo in which the coffin is ultimately deposited for cremation has to be created by a specialized craftsman.,The families of the deceased often spend their life savings on the ceremony fixtures, as Balinese culture considers it disgraceful not to do it right. After all, the deceased is going on to a far better place and it is the responsibility of the family to ensure this happens with utmost comfort, ceremony and respect.,We near the cremation area, a large uneven grassy area with a patchwork of small stands of tall palm trees and bright green jungle foliage. The tower grinds to a halt and the coffin is transferred respectfully into the large matching hole in the back of a seven-foot (2.1 meter) tall fierce-looking black and gold painted bull.,The bull is wheeled onto the unlit funeral pyre consisting of thick criss-crossed palm tree trunks. Brief speeches are made, followed by chants. Then, what looks like a cross between a hot-air balloon air heater and a World War II flame-thrower is fired up and aimed at the bull. A 12-foot (3.6 meter) jet of red and yellow flame spurts out.,“It gets up to 2,000 degrees”, a Balinese man tells me, as we stand back from the rapidly expanding heat wave, watching the palm logs catch fire. The crowd stands motionless, mesmerized, watching, as the flame turns blue with the heat, the bull starting to blister and burn.,Elsewhere around the burial grounds families spread out among the final resting places of their loved ones, cleaning up around the simple graves. They lay down  brightly colored blankets and straw mats, unpacking food and drink. They place small woven baskets of flowers as offerings on the gravesites of their deceased, and then pray to them.,That done, they sit around, laughing, talking and eating, while the children run around, chasing and hiding from each other. Balinese cremations are not a sad event, rather they are a remembrance of  friends and family who are no longer here, and even display joy that the loved ones are in a better place.,Hours later, as the shadows grow long and dark, the villagers slowly start to disappear, leaving a few people watching the red hot ashes, what is left of the bull and the body.,Hypnotized and emotionally drained, I  look up from the ashes and realize that staying longer might be imposing on this final ritual. I slowly wander back to the village to find a cab. I look over my shoulder at a sight that I know I will never see again.,The slowly dispersing people, the plume of smoke, and the red glowing ashes are my last vision of this memorable event.,If You Go,Bali’s Visitor Site,www.bali.com,Roy Stevenson is a freelance writer based in Seattle, Washington. He writes on travel, military history, sports, fitness, and film festival reviews. He can be reached for comment at roy_stevenson@hotmail.com., ,Excellent items from you, man. I have consider your stuff previous to and you
are simply extremely fantastic. I really like what you have obtained
here, really like what you’re stating and the way in which wherein you assert it. You make it enjoyable and you still care for to stay it sensible. I can not wait to read much more from you. This is actually a tremendous web site.,my web site :: plombier paris 2eme,Traveling to Europe in 2022? Find out what you need for your trip, from passport and visa requirements to special COVID-10 health documents.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,With Europe now open to international visitors, many travelers are looking forward to taking their first trip in 2022. However, overseas travel is different since COVID-19, and there will be more changes to European entry requirements in the future.,This brief guide explains what you need to travel to Europe in 2022, including visas and COVID-19 documents.,Remember that entry restrictions and requirements are being updated regularly. Make sure you have all the latest information before arranging travel to Europe.,Pre-pandemic, there was one key document to travel to Europe—a valid passport. ,If you’re an American or Canadian citizen, you can enter the Schengen Area with just a passport and explore 26 countries for up to 90 days visa-free. This remains the same despite COVID-19. However, you’ll also need the additional COVID-19 documentation explained below.,Europe’s Entry Requirements for Americans, Canadians, and other visa-exempt countries will change ,Europe’s entry requirements for Americans, Canadians, and other visa-exempt countries will change at the end of this year. You’ll soon need an electronic travel authorization called ETIAS to visit European destinations. ,The exact launch date has not yet been announced. It was originally slated to go into effect in late 2022. However, the European Union has postponed the launch of the European Travel Information and Authorization System (ETIAS) to November 2023. There’ll be a short implementation period before the visa waiver becomes mandatory to travel to Europe visa-free on an American or Canadian passport. ,It’s important to point out that this is not a visa. The new permit is similar to the United States ESTA, you’ll be able to register online in a few minutes. To find out if you’re eligible, check here.,Passport holders from other countries still require a Schengen visa for their vacations in Europe. Visas are also required for stays of over 90 days.,The European Union recommends that Member States progressively reopen to international travel. According to EU guidelines, people fully vaccinated with vaccines authorized by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) should be able to visit Europe for any purpose, including on vacation.,Although each Member State is responsible for its borders and sets its own entry restrictions, many countries follow these rules. Favorite European tourist destinations such as Spain and Italy are now open to tourists from around the world.,Vaccines approved by the EMA are Comirnaty (BioNTech and Pfizer), Nuvaxovid (Novavax), Spikevax (Modern), Vaxzevria (AstraZeneca), and COVID-19 Vaccine Janssen.,Several EU Member States also accept vaccines approved for emergency use by the World Health Organization (WHO).,Your vaccination certificate must include the type of vaccine received and the dates of each dose. Other key information includes the country where the vaccines were administered and the certificate issuing authority.,It’s important to check the specific vaccine certificate requirements for the country you want to visit. In particular, the accepted vaccines and how many days before travel you need to have received the last dose (usually 14).,Some countries accept a recovery certificate instead of proof of vaccination. A vaccine passport is required to enter some public spaces in Europe. In Spain, you’ll need to show a valid document to enter restaurants.,This document goes by several names: passenger locator form, travel health certificate, electronic health declaration, etc. Many European countries now require passengers to fill out an online form before departure. ,This form allows nations to screen visitors for health risks before they cross the border. It also facilitates contact tracing. You’ll typically have to provide information about your recent travel history and where you will stay during your visit. Contact information is also requested.,Travel health forms must be submitted 48 to 72 hours before arrival. Where required, you’ll need to present the QR code or pass before boarding a flight to your destination.,European countries with obligatory passenger locator forms in 2022 include Belgium, Croatia, France, Greece, Portugal, and Spain, amongst others. If you plan to visit more than one country on your trip to Europe, be aware that a different travel health certificate is required for each country.,The document you may need to travel to Europe in 2022 is a COVID-19 test certificate showing a negative result.,Whether you need a COVID-19 test for Europe depends on your vaccination status and the country you are visiting. You don’t need a pre-departure test to visit countries including Latvia and Spain if you’re fully vaccinated.,If you need a test to travel you must check the type of test required (for example, PCR or antigen), and soon before departure you should take the test. ,A test certificate showing the date and time of the test, the type of test carried out, and where the certificate was issued is essential. ,To summarize the requirements explained above, here is a checklist of what you may need to travel to Europe this year:,Despite the additional requirements, Europe is accessible to tourists in 2022. Just allow extra time to arrange your documents, and always double-check the latest requirements.,When traveling by rail in India, it helps to know the rules.,The world’s largest employer, with more than 1.5 million employees, is the Indian Train System Institution.,Part of their services include air-conditioned tourist rooms reserved especially for foreigners, a place such travelers can receive special help.,Where I was, in Varanasi, the holiest city of the Hindus in northeast-central India, the room was more like an office where ticket agents were supposed to sit at desks with potential passengers.,Four foreigners waited as the two agents chatted loudly, ignoring those expecting service. The quieter of the two left and the other finally served an Israeli guy patiently sitting.,“What?” the vendor curtly solicited, lifting his chin sharply and pointing.,“I want a ticket to Calcutta.”,“For when?”,“When can I go?”,“When do you want to go? Listen, if you don’t know what you want then don’t come here to waste my time. Go away and come back when you know what you are talking about.”,I instantly felt intimidated waiting for my turn.,“Can I go tomorrow?” the Israeli guy asked.,“You can go tomorrow,” the vendor snarled, checking his computer. Snapping all the way, he continued. “It will cost you 167 rupees (US$ 3.84), 2nd class sleeper.,It leaves at 4:30 in the afternoon. Show me your passport and bank receipts for traveler’s checks.”,“Oh, no,” I thought. The law states foreigners must prove they changed money in an official establishment, but no one ever keeps account. I mean, I never did.,“I don’t have my receipts…” the Israeli guy said.,“You cannot have the tickets without producing the receipts,” he barked, pointing at a sign on the wall.,“Yes, I know, but it would be better for me if you gave me the ticket…”,“Not without the bank receipts! It’s the law in India!”,My heart sank. The clerk back at the guesthouse where I stayed hadn’t provided any receipts when he and I had cashed traveler’s checks a day or two ago.,He knew that mentioning the regulation would spook a newly arrived rookie like me. It was late and I couldn’t recall seeing any banks in that zoo of traffic and mayhem on the streets I was trying so hard to avoid.,In my haste and panic, I thought perhaps I could change some money at a bank to obtain a receipt to keep this ticket-selling man at bay.,“Yes, I know,” the Israeli continued, “I have the receipts at my hotel so it would be better for me if you could give me the ticket and I will come back with receipts.”,“I’m sorry, no, you must have the receipts!”,I would have given up by now, but our hero, unphased, continued on in a clear, even voice.,“But it would be better for me if you give me the ticket so I know…”,“No, impossible!”,The other foreigners, enjoying the spectacle, silently led the cheer. Back and forth the Israeli-Indian verbal cockfight went until, suddenly grinning, the ticket agent gave up by printing the ticket.,Then almost daring the Israeli to snatch the dangling voucher from his hand, the man said, in no uncertain terms,,“I will give you the ticket, BUT you must come back this evening or I will CANCEL the ticket!”,The Israeli’s head nodded once on a slant, his eyes closing in synchromesh with grace.,“No problem, I will come back.” Calmly, he took his time folding and stowing away the papers while all eyes watched his every move. The ticket agent looked both at a loss and impressed.,Now it was my turn.,“I would like a ticket for Agra.” The Taj Mahal is in Agra.,“Fine, the next spot available is four days from now.”,“Oh,” I said, trying to muster courage from the previous guy’s example, “How about a ticket to Darjeeling?” I had heard that Darjeeling in the lower Himalaya mountains was a go-to-place.,I heard him spit out something along the lines of: “to Darjeeling you take a train three days from now (to some place I didn’t understand) then transfer to (another place I didn’t get) and then take a bus to (another place I didn’t understand). From there, take a taxi.”,“Huh?” I responded intelligently and astutely.,He lifted his eyebrows and tilted his head, like a boxer or a guy at closing time, saying, “Take your best punch.”,I was too afraid to ask for clarification of the body language or the directions. My head reeled from the dialogue.,Feigning composure, I shifted gears. “I see. Are there any more tickets to Calcutta tomorrow?”,He blew a gasket. Throwing his pen down, sitting back in his chair, crossing his arms, and with his head bobbing up and down in time with his words.,He cried, “Where do you want to go, man? How am I supposed to know what to do for you unless you tell me?”,I flushed.,“Okay, okay, can you give me a 2nd class sleeper for Calcutta tomorrow?”,“167 rupees. Show me your passport and bank receipts.”,“I didn’t bring … receipts, they are back in my hotel and I can…”,Ears perked.,“You guys think you can get away with this not having receipts. It is the law of India to show where you have changed your money because of problems of the black market.,When you come to our country you must follow the rules. I will give you the ticket but both of you must bring in the receipts or I promise I will cancel the spaces,” he ranted, scowling and then just as quickly, just as convincingly, suddenly smiling.,Israel was staying at the same hotel as me. Later that evening, I asked him what he was planning to do about the long lost receipts.,“The train guy can go to hell,” he snorted through his accent.,I arrived at the train station shortly after four the next day. Consistent with Indian railroad timetabling, the train was indefinitely delayed.,A few of the train-lorn foreigners scavenged for air-conditioning in the tourist room.,“Are you here waiting for your trains? No, No, NO! GET OUT! This office is for only selling of tickets! Leave now!!” screeched Mr. McMonster.,I walked to the platform and the posted passenger list. There it was, J. Soliski. Behind me, I sensed someone close. It was Israel.,His expressionless face and James Dean cool nodded and closed his eyes, once, when I asked if he saw his name.,In the end, Israel showed me how to call a bluff and life got easier for me in India.,India Ministry of Tourism,www.tourismofindia.com,Live the life of a Maharani by traveling the desert on camel.,I awoke just after dawn and found that I was only slightlysaddle sore, despite five hours of riding a camel the previous day. A night’s sleep on a plush bedroll under the desert stars was all I had needed to recover. I rolled over and squeezed the pillow to my chest as Juju walked up. “Good morning, Madam,” sang the 12-year-old. “Chai?” I could never resist the warm, sweet and spicy Indian tea. I sat up and reached for the cup. “Thank you, Juju.”,“Welcome, Madam,” he responded with a toothy grin, before returning to the fire, where our breakfast was being prepared.,“Maharani! Good morning!” It was Sham Singh, our guide and chef extraordinaire. He had taken to calling me maharani, which means “queen.” I grinned and bid him good morning.,My husband and I were on a three-day desert camel safari from the western India town of Jaisalmer, which cost 750 rupees apiece (US$ 17). We’d opted for the top-tier excursion package: plush bedrolls, rather than simple sleeping bags, and higher quality meals, rather than just lentils and rice. The daily rate was barely $5 more than the cheaper package. For the meager increase in price, treating ourselves like royalty was a no-brainer.,The sun was quickly warming the sand around us; this would be another hot day. After chapatis and vegetables, Sham helped my husband tie his turban, and I affixed my head scarf to protect myself from the desert heat. We slathered on sunscreen and prepared to mount our camels once again.,I had developed quite an affinity for Khalu, my trusty camel, which was gentle, intelligent and affectionate. I petted Khalu’s neck as he hunkered down for me to climb onto his back. We rode for about an hour before stopping at a small desert village. Immediately, swarms of children raced up to our camels.,“Hello,” the older ones shouted, practicing the one English word they knew. An elderly woman holding a toddler on her hip nearby. I reached out my arms, asking if I could hold the little girl. She passed her to me, and then waved her arms, as if indicating that I should take the child home to my country. Alarmed, I shook my head. I tried to communicate that, although the girl was beautiful, this was her home.,I heard faint music, and wandered off to find its origin. A man and his son were playing simple string instruments in front of their home. They welcomed me, though I shook my head when invited to dance. Other villagers soon joined us, and we reveled in the music, a common language.,Soon Sham arrived and told me it was time to go. We climbed back onto our camels, waved goodbye and carried on through the desert. We were very close to Pakistan, and Sham explained that these villagers were Pakistani refugees, and the adults wanted their children to have a better life.,Our entourage stopped for lunch before noon. While we waited for the meal to be prepared, Juju laid a blanket under a tree, and my husband and I enjoyed a brief nap. Sham amazed us again with his culinary skills. Cooking over three rocks on a fire made from camel dung, he crafted a meal of curry, rice and chapatis that was better than any I’d eaten in a restaurant.,Juju’s smile was especially bright this afternoon. We were going to visit his home. Sham explained that Juju’s family was eager for him to learn guide skills. He’d been sent to work as an apprentice, in the hope that he would become qualified to lead camel safaris on his own in a few years. Now, Sham mostly worked with him on his English language skills, etiquette and setting up camp. Juju was an enthusiastic student.,“Yes, Maharani,” Sham said, “it is important for him to treat guests with respect.” I assured him that we had never received such impeccable service — both he and Juju were wonderful guides and travel companions.,We rode up to Juju’s house in the mid afternoon. After greeting her oldest son, his mother stood shyly with Juju’s nine brothers and sisters and his father, waiting for our introduction. Several of the children had open cuts on their faces and legs, and flies hovered around them. Each had the same radiant grin as his or her 12-year-old brother.,After a visit and a tour of the family’s simple, but tidy sand-and-clay home, it was time to continue, and we said goodbye. Juju wasn’t sure when he would see his family again.,The camels galumphed through the desert for another hour or so before we stopped to make camp for the night. Sham built a fire for dinner. As Juju untied our belongings from the animals’ backs and prepared to set up our bedrolls, I tried to remember being 12 years old. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t imagine having been away from my family for indefinite periods of time. But here this was viewed as a special opportunity, an honor. Twelve was not a child anymore. Twelve was becoming a man.,“Chai, Madam?” My young friend handed me a cup of tea, and I savored the spicy aroma before taking my first sip. “Welcome, Madam.”,A couple of hours and yet another magical dung-cooked meal later, we were all seated around the fire. My husband was teaching Juju some English words. He drew pictures in his journal then said the words aloud. The boy was diligently repeating the sounds and translating them for us into his language.,The sun went down, and the desert air cooled. Despite gobs of lotion, my face was sun-kissed, and I felt a chill. It was time to crawl into my bedroll. As I settled in for one last night under the desert stars, I felt grateful to have had this opportunity, to meet these resourceful desert people and to have seen their way of life. A star fell in the sky. I pulled the covers up to my chin and closed my eyes, ready to dream the dreams of a maharani.,If You Go,India Tourism,www.destinationindia.com, ,Kumbh Mela is one of the largest religious festivals in the world, where Hindu pilgrims flock to the Ganges to have their sins cleansed.,From the car window, I could see the sea of white tents as we slowly approached Haridwar in Northern India.,The sheer amount of people was proof that Kumbh Mela was indeed one of the largest gatherings in the world – 100 million souls.,Amazingly, I still had some personal space, a big difference from when I was in Brazil during Carnival.,Where for several moments I felt like I had a conjoined twin attached to me. I wondered if Haridwar would be so full of life if it hadn’t been hosting such a big event.,Kumbh Mela is one of the largest religious festivals in the world, where Hindu pilgrims flock to the Ganges to have their sins cleansed.,In Haridwar, it happens every 12 years. When I found out that it coincided with my trip, I felt it was something I needed to experience with my own eyes.,The narrow streets abounded with shops and colors. Big smiles eagerly beckoned, inviting people to check their wares.,The sticky heat was more bearable under the shades having a chai, which of course, is appreciated in any weather conditions.,Waiting in the queue for the cable car, all eyes were on my brother, Greg, and me.  “Juṛavāṁ bhā’ī?” an inquisitive little boy asked. By then we already knew that meant “twin brothers” and confirmed it, to the boy’s joy.,We were already feeling like celebrities just by being foreigners, but being twins took it to a whole new level.,With our tickets in hand, we boarded the cars and gradually ascended towards Mansa Devi Temple.,The view became more spectacular the higher we got and we finally understood the geography of the town. The powerful Ganges gushed beneath the steps of majestic green mountains.,At the top it wasn’t any different. We saw hordes of people worshiping their gods, whereas we were there as visitors. Flowers, ornaments, sweat, children, cries — all happening at the same time. We’d go into the temple and then in no time have to come out.,The clear view from up high was mesmerizing and I realized the white tents I saw were just a fraction of the whole camp. The population of Haridwar probably increases at least 10-fold during the gathering.,Suddenly we heard a familiar language: “Que vista linda não é?” (What a beautiful view, isn’t it?) I turned to see an old lady talking with another in Portuguese.,As we engaged in an unexpected conversation, both the ladies and their driver were somewhat relieved.,“We’ve been travelling around India with a driver and it has been wonderful! We don’t even speak English,” she continued.,We quickly found out the driver heartily disagreed with that statement and asked us to update him with their travel plans, as he was having a hard time understanding what was going on.,“We’re attending a course in Rishikesh,” she carried on, “learning about the year 2012 and the end of the era.” It was profound — I would never have thought I’d meet two ladies in their sixties in India being that courageous.,The sun kept pounding on our heads and we chose a different route down, following a group of Indians through a narrow grassy path.,We purchased some fruits whilst I pondered about how religion took a great part in people’s lives — it wasn’t every day I saw such devotion.,Strolling further down, we spotted three curious figures, just around the corner. They stared at us menacingly as we slowly approached.,The atmosphere became tense and we looked at each other, slightly unsure about what we should do.,There was no going back, and so we decided to meet our fate.,As I stepped along, leading our group, the tallest of them stood up and walked towards me, never averting his eyes from mine.,I stood my ground and considered attacking first, but given the situation — many Indians apprehensively paying attention — I withdrew.,He stopped in front of me and grabbed the bag of bananas from my hands abruptly as Greg yelled “Hide the tangerines! Hide the tangerines!”,I had just been mugged by a monkey, and no one around us could hold their laughter.,It took me a while to digest those feelings — something similar had happened to me in the past, but they were homeless kids, not monkeys.,Had I just been robbed by a massive simian? How was that even possible?,He shared the stolen goods with his peers and, strangely, was still staring at me.,With contempt, he bit his banana in that peculiar way monkeys do — without peeling the skin — as if he was making a point, saying without muttering words:,“I’m here, eating your banana, human, and there’s nothing you can do about it!”,I was amused and embarrassed — it’s not every day a monkey steals your bananas.,For a split second, I felt like going back and strangling that furry beast, but of course I knew better. He was a marauder; just another day in the office.,I decided I’d see that incident as a tax collection — some days you win, some days you lose your bananas.,We carried on down the slope laughing about the episode and actually happy it had happened — it had been rather funny after all.,We were faced with crowds again and walked towards the ghat, where the river split and current wasn’t so strong.,We shared the steps with several families, watching many more bathing in the calm waters.,Each person was performing a gracious rhythmic dive, immersing themselves under water whilst praying.,This ritual was part of the Kumbh Mela, where the Ganges would purify their bodies.,We felt compelled to bathe after witnessing such a beautiful spectacle — and because our clothes were sticking to our bodies as it was getting hotter and hotter.,We were welcomed with open arms and big smiles and joined the mass of people.,Had we been cleaned? Had we been purified? I don’t know, but the energy around us was so electrifying we could almost feel it.,Not too far away, we saw a quiet area and strolled in its direction, only to be instantly stopped by a police guard.,The crime: Greg and Rafa, his wife, were holding hands. After the mild telling off they immediately complied, but we were left wondering how such an innocent act could be disrespectful.,We sat down by the steps as the night was drawing in, listening to chanting and absorbing our surroundings.,Candles were slowly being lit and placed over carefully adorned leaves — these offerings would gently float and be carried away by Mother Ganges.,Adhering to the tradition, each of us did the same. I, however, folded a lotus origami and sent it down the river thankful for being part of such a wonderful congregation. ,Walking back to the car park, we talked about our somewhat unusual day. It had had its ups and downs.,The spirituality was always around, manifesting in several ways. The wild fauna was definitely present making sure the banana tax was being collected.,We were left with the tangerines, which at that time, couldn’t be any sweeter.,Author Bio: Guilherme is a Brazilian freelance travel writer. He is the Co-Founder of the Slow Spirit Blog, where he writes about a minimalist, sustainable travel lifestyle.  https://www.slowspirit.com/,If you plan on visiting the American capital, don’t miss this guide on the top free things to see and do in Washington, D.C.,(Editor’s Note: Please be sure to follow all local travel and health guidelines. Some locations may have reduced schedules. Please check before you go.) ,Aside from the daily partisan political rhetoric, the nation’s capital of Washington, D.C., is clean, welcoming and friendly, with lots of attractions, memorials, monuments, the famous Smithsonian Museums and even The White House all waiting to be explored and discovered.,And if you are lucky enough to visit the right time of year, the cherry blossoms and the Cherry Blossom Festival provide the perfect backdrop to visit all these locations which are open and free to everyone. ,Everyone knows or should know, the Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial or Arlington National Cemetery but there are many other pieces of American history to be visited that are off the beaten path.,These are the secret gems of Washington, D.C. and just a quick ride on the public Metro transit means you can avoid the traffic around Dupont Circle and maximize the number of sites and experiences you can pack in just one trip. , ,To get a tour of the Capitol, you have to get tickets through your congressional representative or your senator. The tickets are free. If you are a foreign citizen, you can request tour tickets directly through the U.S. Capitol Visitor Center. You are encouraged to make the request at least a week ahead of time. ,There are many sections of the Capitol you get to see, such as the rotunda. It was originally built to be George Washington’s tomb, but when the state of Virginia refused to give up Washington’s body, Congress turned it into a mausoleum to represent all the states. ,The Capitol also contains the first location of the Supreme Court. In the beginning, the Supreme Court did not even get its own building and was shoved in a room next to the rest of Congress. On the guided tour you get to see the room where John Quincy Adams gave an (in)famous 8-hour opening statement for the legendary Amistad case. ,If nothing else, you will enjoy the surprisingly good Capitol cafeteria, which has standard American food but with an added D.C. flair of pastries shaped like the dome.  ,Often considered one of the secret tours of D.C., the Department of State Diplomatic Reception Rooms tour is not to be missed. (This tour also has been suspended through April 3.),Containing priceless artifacts all the way back to the first Secretary of State, Thomas Jefferson, to its continued use to the present day, all American history is on display.,The main dining room is still used for diplomatic functions.  The tour guide made sure that we knew that the 8-ton carpet had to be brought into the room with three cranes through the window.,If you are an American history buff or just a fine china aficionado, you will enjoy the seemingly under-visited Diplomatic Reception Rooms. ,You also need to contact your elected official ahead of time to gain access to the Diplomatic Reception Rooms.  If you are a foreign national, you will need to contact the U.S. Department of State directly.  ,Located in the Potomac River on the outskirts of the District of Columbia and Arlington, Va. the Theodore Roosevelt Island and Monument are an appropriate testament to the strength of character as well as strength of will of the 26th president. ,Teddy Roosevelt’s monument reaches high to the sky, surrounded by the trees he fought so hard to preserve by establishing numerous national parks and forests. There also are four stone tablets inscribed with his thoughts on nature, youth, the state and manhood. ,Though Teddy’s words might be a bit anachronistic in our modern world, everyone can get something out of the marvel that is the Theodore Roosevelt Island and Monument.,There is no charge to visit Theodore Roosevelt Island and Monument, and no reservation is required.  A bonus is that it is not well known, so there always are parking spaces available.    ,Franklin Delano Roosevelt was known for many things. He was known for serving as commander-in-chief during World War II and saving the country during the Great Depression, but at the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial, you get to see the entire picture.,Four rooms comprise the FDR memorial, each representing each of his four terms of office.  All are inscribed with a Roosevelt quote representing the time period, along with an accompanying statue. ,FDR’s wife Eleanor Roosevelt, a powerful political player in her own right both during and after his presidency, gets her own monument as well, specifically highlighting her time as the first delegate representing the United States at the United Nations.  ,Finally, you cannot represent the entire legacy of FDR without including his beloved dog, Fala. Yes, Fala, a Scottish terrier that often accompanied the president at official events, has his own statue as well. The Franklin Delano Roosevelt Monument truly is a family affair.,While there are many other things to see in D.C. these make for a great experience for a fan of American history or a family excursion. And, the best part is that they are all free., , , ,Book tours through the Diplomatic Reception Rooms Tour ,Booking.com, ,Author Bio: Leejay Heller, currently based out of Taiwan, previously lived and worked in Thailand as well as Hong Kong. Additionally, he has traveled throughout Southeast Asia., ,Great info about D.C. and cool photos. I really didn’t know about all the historical monuments that are free.,Excellent article. As someone who lives in DC for over 30 years it made me want to go back!!,A road trip is the perfect way to see the top destinations in Austria, from Vienna to Salzburg to Klagenfurt.,It’s almost midnight when we make our way toward St. Stephen’s Square, my heels clicking on the deserted cobblestone streets of Vienna. It’s a walk I’ve made hundreds of times before, long ago, yet my heart speeds up in anticipation.,St. Stephen’s Cathedral is the heart of this Austrian capital, and it was here that I first fell in love with this German-speaking city. Dating to 1147, the church has prevailed through wars, invasions and fire to become a symbol of Vienna. It’s been so long since I’ve seen this landmark.,Finally, the lit spires of the Gothic cathedral come into view, and I find that we are not alone. Others are drawn to the church, even at midnight. The outdoor würstel stand next to the cathedral is still serving up beer and brats in the cool night air. It smells inviting, so we join the queue to buy our own.,It’s been some 20 years since I lived in Austria. I was a naive Colorado girl on a year of study abroad, and my culture shock was overwhelming. But over time, the culture that seemed so strange eventually became my norm, and the Austrian dialect that was once only noise cleared to become words of my own.,And even though life has marched on for me since then, this land has never stopped being a part of me. That’s why I’m here—I have 10 glorious days to revisit my favorite places in Austria.,It’s time for an Austrian road trip.,Vienna, Austria,For me, all visits to Austria must start in Vienna. Once the imperial home of the Habsburgs, the royal family whose powerful fingers reached into places like Budapest and Prague, the city still retains its regal air and high-class ways.,Remnants of that royal past are everywhere, from the special desserts made for royalty (try the Sacher Torte) to the beautiful palaces still lovingly cared for.,It’s my sweetheart’s first visit to the city, and there’s so much I want to show him. Our first stop is Schönbrunn Palace. The stately yellow-hued summer palace and gardens were completed in 1683. Its most famous residents were Empress Maria Theresa and her 16 children. Today, the palace is a museum and garden.,The palace has 1,441 rooms, and many are open to the public. A small train takes visitors around the gardens and past the palace zoo. My favorite part of our visit is standing tall on the glorietta and looking out over Vienna. We sit on the stairs and I point out some of the town’s highlights—the Danube, which winds through town, and the Prater, Vienna’s famous amusement park.,Finally, it’s time to head to my next favorite royal attraction—Belvedere. These two Baroque palaces in the 3rd District house revolving art exhibitions, but I love them for their gorgeous palace gardens. The statuary alone is worth the visit. We spend a few hours wandering and taking photos before heading to dinner.,Every city has its favorite dishes and cuisine. In Vienna, one of those dishes is wiener schnitzel, breaded veal cutlet. Figlmüller (Wollzeile 5, Vienna, Austria 1010) claims to serve the biggest schnitzel in the city—and they’ve been doing it since 1905. The schnitzel here is so thin and big that it overlaps the plate. It’s served with lemon wedges and a dish of potato and cucumber salads. Yum!,Another Viennese mainstay are the Heurige, the town’s beloved wine taverns. Vienna is one of the few national capitals with vineyards inside the city limits. And while Austrian wine is rarely found on the international market—most is consumed in Austria—it’s the mainstay here. We spend an evening with good friends savoring the hearty bar food—würstel, salads, potatoes and thick bread—in the cozy atmosphere. A musician plays the accordion, and our waitress, clad in a traditional dirndl, brings glass after glass of Austrian wine.,Time goes so fast when you’re having fun, and soon it is our last day in Vienna. But there’s one more Viennese experience I want to savor—an afternoon in a traditional coffeehouse. Coffeehouses are everywhere, and they are the living rooms of Vienna. Coffee here is served with style and flair, and a coffeehouse visit can last for hours.,Things change, it seems, even in Vienna. Coffeehouses here have gone non-smoking, a change I relish as I sip my rich Melange.,It’s hard to say goodbye to Vienna and my friends here, but we still have a lot to explore. The tiny key-shaped country of Austria holds many wonderful destinations, and we have time to visit three more of my favorite places.,Salzburg, Austria,The first stop is Salzburg. It’s just a three-hour drive from Vienna to the town that was made famous in “The Sound of Music” movie. Where Vienna is regal and sophisticated, Salzburg is small and charming. Tucked along the banks of the Salzach River on the northern boundary of the Alps, Salzburg was once its own country. Its most-famous resident was composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.,You can’t visit Salzburg without walking in the musician’s shoes. We visit his birthplace (now a museum) and the house where he grew up (also a museum). We eat chocolate with his namesake (Mozart Kuguln), and see the gravestones of his relatives in St. Peter’s Cemetery and St. Sebastian’s Cemetery.,After our Mozart-fiesta, we decide to do something different. We had purchased the very worthwhile Salzburg Card, which allows visitors to pay just one price and gain entry to as many listed attractions as possible in 24-, 48- or 72-hour periods.,So we pore through the list and decide on Hellbrunn Palace. Built in 1613-1619 by the Prince-Archbishop of Salzburg, it is a beautiful Baroque villa. At first, it seems like just another beautiful palace—but then we see the trick fountains. Prince-Archbishop Markus Sittikus was quite a jokester and loved getting a laugh. He designed trick fountains and even puppet theaters powered by water throughout the grounds. And, it seems, he was successful—we laugh throughout our entire visit, even all these years later.,Our favorite experience, though, is a Mozart concert in the Festung Hohensalzburg, the ancient fortress that sits high on the hill overlooking town. The concert venue is small—only 200 people in a warm room in the fortress—and there are only five musicians. Yet it’s spellbinding to listen to the music of a master performed in the ancient city he once called home.,As for me, I am almost giddy when we head back to our hotel after the concert. It’s midnight, and the fortress and churches in town are lit up beautifully. We stroll lazily through Salzburg’s charming Old Town District, its narrow cobblestone streets lined with homes that go back for centuries. It’s hard not to fall under Salzburg’s charm, so I don’t even resist. Once again, I’m completely taken with her.,Hallstatt, Austria,If Salzburg is a small town, Hallstatt is a tiny village. Less than 800 people live in this Iron Age town tucked alongside Lake Hallstatt. Less than an hour’s drive from Salzburg, the village sits on a tiny strip of land between the water and the mountain. Indeed, homes and even a church are built into the hill. Some residents walk up more than 100 steep steps to get to their homes each night.,Hallstatt’s street are small and narrow, built long before cars were even imagined. Drivers park at one of the town parking lots and walk into the village. Hallstatt is picture perfect—a small town square surrounded by tidy homes with colorful flower boxes, narrow streets lined with bakeries and shops, and two small churches, one Catholic and one Protestant.,Some 7,000 years ago, people discovered salt in the mountains, and the area has been inhabited ever since. This rich heritage makes Hallstatt a UNESCO World Heritage Site. But salt or not, I can understand why people have been drawn here. There is something charmingly simple and sweet about life on the lake, so isolated from everything else. Maybe that’s why I’m drawn here again and again.,After a leisurely day of exploring town, we take the funicular up the mountain for the salt mine tour. Yes, they still mine salt in Hallstatt, and the tour is fun and entertaining. Afterward, we forego the funicular and hike down the mountain. A steep, yet well-maintained trail winds down the hill, and we stop often to soak in the picturesque views of the lake and tidy town below.,Tiny though it is, Hallstatt offers a well-polished tourism experience. The restaurants are small, but excellent. It’s our hotel, though, that thoroughly surprises me. The last time I was in Hallstatt, the buildings that have now become Heritage Hotel Hallstatt sat in disrepair.,Through the loving efforts of the community, three historic buildings have been transformed into a world-class hotel. With an enviable location right on the lake, Heritage Hotel Hallstatt offers four-star luxury with flairs of elegant Scandinavian design. Each of the 12 suites and 42 double rooms are large and elegantly appointed. I was so comfortable here that I didn’t want to leave. But time was marching on, and we had one more Austrian destination to visit.,Klagenfurt, Austria,Truth be told, I’ve never spent much time in Carinthia, Austrian’s southernmost state, so I’m eager to see it. Tucked within the Eastern Alps, Carinthia is best known for its mountains, lakes and rural heritage. The region is popular with Europeans, who come to visit the high-class spa resorts in Villach and frolic in alpine lakes like Wörthersee and Millstätter See, but very few North Americans know of the region.,The lake season has ended by the time we roll our car into Villach. The high-end spas, restaurants and lakeside patios are empty; the luxury resorts in winter mode. But we can imagine the pools filled with suntanned Europeans, sipping their drinks and relaxing in the sun. I’ll have to come back to visit.,I’m eager to see the everyday part of Carinthia, so we head the car to its capital—Klagenfurt. With some 90,000 residents, it is the sixth-largest city in the country. The dialect here is different and harder for me to understand. A Slovene-speaking minority adds flair to the local culture, and I can hear some of these new words.,Like most Austrian towns, Klagenfurt is tidy and neat. The city’s heart is the town square, which is home to the famous Lindwurm of local lore. Legend says that the city was founded when several brave men killed a terrible dragon—a Lindwurm—in the moors across the lake. A statue to that lore is the centerpiece of the town square.,Our first stop is for some traditional Carinthian lunch and local beer at the famous town pub, Bierhaus zum Augustin. Our appetites sated, we take a walking tour of town, stopping to see the Carinthian Modern Museum of Art.,Since the weather is still nice, we head to the Gustav Mahler Composing House, located in a forest at the edge of town. The leaves crunch under our feet as we walk through the trees before reaching a tiny, one-room house. Although I’d heard of the famous composer, of course, our visit introduces us to more of Mahler’s works and his life. It is moving to listen to his music booming from the little house in the otherwise quiet woods.,All too soon, it is our last day in Austria. We decide to do something completely different, and head to Minimundus. This family-friendly park is home to more than 150 miniature models of famous buildings from all over the world. Each model has been accurately re-created, and the attention to detail is amazing. We delight over the Taj Mahal, the Tower of London and Sydney Opera House.,Then we turn down the “American” aisle to find the White House, the Space Shuttle launch pad, New Orleans and even the Statue of Liberty.,Right before we leave, we make one last discovery—a perfect re-creation of Mesa Verde, the ancient Anasazi ruins in our own home state of Colorado. It’s touching to find this little piece of home so lovingly represented here in Austria, and I can’t help smiling as we head out.,If You Go,Austrian Tourist Office
www.austria.info/us,Vienna
Vienna Tourist Board
www.wien.info/en,Salzburg,Salzburg Tourism
www.salzburg.info,Austrotel Salzburg
www.austrotel.at,Hallstatt,Regional Tourism Info
www.dachsteinsalzkammergut.at,Heritage Hotel Hallstatt
www.heritagehotel.com,Klagenfurt,Hotel Sandwirth
www.sandwirth.at,Carinthian Museum of Modern Art
www.mmmkk.at,Minimundus
www.minimundus.at, ,Gosh…you write so well! Excellent style! Thanks,Bob H,What a love for this tiny country of ours that is still burning in you! Keep it up both of you with pics and text to capture the precious moments close and afar!,A journey to Northern Colombia’s La Guajira Peninsula offers a glimpse of the country’s largest indigenous group, the Wayúu.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this travel article.,It’s dusk by the time the deluge of rainwater has finally ceased in Colombia’s northernmost department (state) of La Guajira, the sunset’s pink, purple and orange palette reflected in the vast puddles of mud that stretch toward the horizon., There are no visible roads ahead as our truck makes its way through the sticky, red clay, rocking seismically from side to side as each of us backseat passengers reach for grab handles above the windows—what my friend Becky Hickson informed me were unofficially the “oh shit” handles—to avoid colliding with one another as we ride.,Our driver tells our guide in Spanish that his four-wheel drive is failing, an especially concerning fact as we pass a truck of locals coaxing their marooned vehicle from the mud, currently refusing to budge under the hefty load of groceries and oversized boxes.,“This is why we tell people not to travel here without guides,” our guide Sebastian “Sebas” Fergusson tells us later. “It’s easy to become lost.”,We’re headed to Cabo de la Vela, a small fishing village where desert meets sea along Colombia’s northern Caribbean coast. Named “cape of sails” for the desert terrain and bluffs that reminded Spanish conquistadors of a sailboat, it’s a popular beach destination and one of the country’s most coveted kitesurfing spots.,It’s also the sacred land of the Wayúu (wah-you), Colombia’s largest indigenous group that makes up nearly 40 percent of the department’s population. (Their tribal lands also stretch into the northwestern region of Venezuela.),“It is known by Colombians that the landscapes that they will find on this trip are unparalleled, and it is the dream of many to go and enjoy the views and the beaches, which are among the best in Colombia,” Fergusson says. “Because it is a place of difficult access, (the trek) requires you to be a person with an adventurous spirit.”,It’s a fitting description for this group of travel journalists and photographers, plus my up-for-anything friend Hickson, who will stay for two nights in this rugged outpost at Rancheria Utta. A rustic spot that’s modeled after the indigenous “rancheria” Wayúu settlements, comprising a handful of simple houses for several family members clustered together on a plot of land, it’s as upscale as any lodging offered here in “El Cabo.”,We arrive by nightfall, the sound of crashing waves nearby the only clue it’s situated near water.,We find our room among a double row of thatched-roofed cabins set just steps from the beach, complete with a private bathroom, modest furnishings that includes two simple beds, and lighting and a fan powered by generators.,There is no electricity or running water in the village, so generators shut off for a few hours per night to keep up with demand. (We didn’t notice.) The shower water streams from an artless PVC pipe that I’m all too happy to discover is warm. ,Our first glimpse into the life of the Wayúu, the “people of the sun, sand, and wind,” came earlier in the day with a stop in Manaure (mah-now-ray) and its famous salt flats, Salinas de Manaure, which produces about 70 percent of Colombia’s total salt production.,The Guajira peninsula boasts some of the most ideal conditions for salt extraction, with sun-parched lands and plenty of strong winds, making it a fundamental industry for Wayúu since long before 15th-century Spaniards attempted to colonize the area. (They were unsuccessful, as the tribe never ceded their homeland.),Water pumps instead of chemicals are used in salt extraction here, says our second guide Leiner Pinto, whose father is Wayúu. The rest is done by Mother Nature.,“It’s a natural process where we receive the help from the sunlight,” he says. “Because in this part, the land has special characteristics: You can put the water (on it), and it’s not going to disappear in the ground. So the sun evaporates the water, and after that, we get the salt.”,We began with a tour of the salt museum, Museo de la Sal “Ichi” (“salt” in the Wayúu language, Wayuunaiki), admiring the two golden statues that greet us just past the entrance, glistening in the midday sun: a man shoveling the salt flats; a few feet ahead of him, a woman carrying an oppressive load of salt on her back, its handle affixed around her forehead.,It’s a tribute to the work of the families from the “magical Guajira,” a nearby plaque explains in Spanish, who were “attracted by the economic benefits derived from the artisanal production of sea-salt crystals.”,Showing the man cutting the salt flats, turning them into crystals and piling them up and then filling the sacks that were carried by the women, it says, the sculptures honor the “continuous ritual at dawn and dusk.”,We walk around to the side of the museum’s building to view a mural depicting the grueling work of salt extraction as the Wayúu would have practiced for centuries. On the left side of the painting, men scoop salt from a pile with a handmade bowl into an upside-down turtle shell that would be pulled to an endpoint by a fibrous rope; women carry loads of salt on their backs, their faces concealed under a dark-brown mask made of mushroom spores and goat fat that’s still used today for sunscreen and ceremonial makeup.,At the far right, the mural shows the modern practice of extraction, which includes the use of shovels, picks, and wheelbarrows. For Wayúu, using the latter for transporting salt was “like walking then using a car.”,Our group heads across the street toward the beach known as Ipatu’u or Piedras Blancas, “White Stone Beach.” The mystical Wayúu legend says in ancient times, the sea turtles who came to shore each day tried to return to the water too long after sunset, which turned them to stone. Hence the white-sand beach that lies before us, some colorful fishing boats rocking at its shore, a collection of green beach chairs and matching umbrellas beckoning us to sit.,We sip an iced cocktail made of passion-fruit juice and indigenous liquor rimmed with salt and pepper called a Mitologico or “mythological” as Pinto translates for our Wayúu guide Gertrudis Maria while she speaks Spanish.     ,“In here,” he says, gesturing to the open-air structure under which we sit. “This place is completely made with all the things that we find in the same land.” Like the roof, made from the heart of a cactus called “yotojoro,” the walls and fences created from the trupillo tree that’s endemic to several Central and South American countries.,Gertrudis Maria continues, pointing to one of our mochila, the colorful, woven bags found throughout Colombia.,“The spider teaches us about ‘kaanás,’” she says, or the art of weaving. Colorful purses found throughout Colombia, they’re handwoven using wool, cotton, and other fibers. Only done by women—who also craft bags, hammocks, and other handmade items—the spider, Wale’ Kerü, is said to be the one who taught them.,The process begins after a girl’s first menstruation, Pinto says, after which she is kept in “confinement” with only female relatives, who teach her about weaving, crocheting, cooking, and leading in the matriarchal community.,“They have to spend all this time to learn the (to make the) handmades, how to cook, how to prepare all the foods,” he says. Traditionally lasting a year or more, modern-day confinements are shorter because most Wayúu children attend school. “After that, when they go out, they are considered women and are ready to get married.”,Gertrudis Maria finishes the tour by telling us about the Wayúu afterlife.,“All these mountains together, they call it Jepirra (he-peer-ah),” Pinto translates. “It’s a holy place for the indigenous; it’s sacred. So all these mountains together for them are holy because (Wayúu) think that when they pass away…no matter where they are, their soul is going to make a trip to come to here to pass to another life.”,Our group would set eyes on that very spot the following morning, taking a short drive from the village to a hill known as El Pilón de Azúcar (Sugar Pylon). Named Kama’aichi in Wayuunaiki, it’s one of the area’s most popular tourist destinations and also the last place a soul visits before heading to the afterlife with ancestors, according to the tribe.,A mildly steep, 15-minute trek along a gravelly dirt path, the summit features an altar to the Virgin of Fatima that honors the Portuguese town of Fátima, renowned for the miraculous 1917 appearance of the Blessed Virgin to three young shepherds. We stop at the rocky outcropping, bracing against blustery winds while taking in wide-sweeping vistas of the turquoise seas. If this was my last view before entering the afterlife, I say to myself, I would die happily.,We descend the hill toward the beach, passing rows of Wayúu women and girls selling mochilas, hammocks, and traditional Wayúu dresses that resemble muumuus. I buy the latter from one woman as a swimsuit cover; I purchase a cold Colombian Cerveza Aguila from another who’s wearing the signature dark-brown sunscreen as two younger girls weave bags behind her. She allows me to snap a photo, a hint of a smile revealing the white contrast of her teeth.,That afternoon, we walk through the sleepy Cabo de la Vela village, its uncrowded beaches littered with fishermen cleaning fish on their boats after their morning outing, a few kite surfers trying to negotiate wind and water from the shore.,We bargain for more mochila bags, works of art that can take five to 15 days complete, so I understand why the women stand firm on their prices that typically started around $180,000 Colombian pesos (about $46 U.S.). But we must hurry to the trucks for what would be our clearest glimpse into Wayúu life: a visit to a rancheria.,“This is what you will see everywhere in La Guajira: a lot of these little communities,” Fergusson translates for our female Wayúu guide. “Every Wayúu family has to have their own rancheria.”, We are each given a traditional goat stew known as “friche” that’s served in a gourd-like bowl with a long, dried seed pod for a utensil. The Wayúu have always lived with their herds of goats, which are easy to raise in the arid climate and serve as a good source of protein, so it’s a common dish served in gatherings and celebrations. A self-described picky eater, I discreetly return my bowl to the serving area as a young boy begins pounding a drum, signaling the start of a performance.,Three Wayúu dancers, one young man and two young women, begin stepping to the beat, a shock of red ceremonial dresses billowing in the strong winds set against bright-blue sky. He faces the two females, leading them in a winding path of choreographed steps until the drum stops.,“It’s a powerful dance in the culture,” Pinto says. “Normally it’s only played to bring rains, to celebrate that a child became a woman (majayut), or for a funeral of a family member.”,Our visit is a final snapshot into this isolated culture that few travelers get to experience, Pinto says, even among Colombians.,“It is important for people to know that in Colombia still exists the only indigenous group who (stood) against the Spanish conquerors: so brave, so powerful…connected to the Mother Earth,” he says. “Here they are.”,The easiest way to visit La Guajira is by flying to its capital city, Riohacha, and driving via guided tour about 3.5 hours to Cabo de la Vela. (The indigenous capital is Uribia, “ooh-rib-ee-ah.”),Our group toured with Solera Travels (https://soleratravels.com), located in Riohacha’s Hotel Gimaura (https://www.hotelgimaura.com).,Located 2,300 miles southwest of Hawaii, these volcanic islands are remote, but worth the trip.,Mention Pago Pago to most South Pacific travelers and the response will often be a blank stare. When it comes to reputations, American Samoa and its capital are, well, sort of unknown.,One reason is that American Samoa is well off-the-beaten track of overseas airline routes. Another is that the islands are far from major population centers. In truth, though, that’s part of American Samoa’s attraction and charm as a destination.,American Samoa is located in the heart of Polynesia, half way between Hawaii and New Zealand. To reach this unique American territory, you must first fly to Hawaii, and then take another five-hour flight to the islands. You can also reach it from Independent Samoa, which is just a 35-minute-flight away.,American Samoa includes five volcanic islands and a couple of remote coral atolls. Tutuila is the main island; Aunu`u is a small island about a half-mile east of Tutuila. The Manu`a Islands, Ta`u, Ofu and Olosega, are located roughly 62 miles (100 km) east of Tutuila.,Tutuila covers an area of 56 square miles (145 km²). It’s roughly 18 miles long (30 km) and 6 miles wide (10 km) at its widest point. The island is a series of steep rain forested volcanic peaks and ridges, indented with valleys and bays.,Fjord-like Pago Pago Harbor is a submerged volcanic crater almost bisecting the island. It’s one of the most scenic harbors in the South Pacific, surrounded by green hills and dominated by 1,718-foot-tall (518 m) Rainmaker Mountain. The climate is tropical — warm, humid and rainy the year around.,American Samoa became a U.S. territory in April, 1900. Before and after World War II, Pago Pago Harbor was an important refueling port for the U.S. Navy. The population numbers about 55,000, most living on Tutuila.,The territory’s visitor industry is small by most standards. All hotels and accommodations are locally owned.  Visitor arrivals total around 6,000 or so annually, so you can always find a nice place to stay. Many who come for the experience find it a relaxing and adventurous place to visit, with great natural beauty.,American Samoa’s economy is driven by the government, one of the largest employers. The territory gets considerable support from the U.S. government in annual grants and subsidies. The Samoa Packing and StarKist tuna canneries at Pago Pago Harbor represent American Samoa’s largest primary industry.,So what to see and do in American Samoa?,If you’re looking for an original American Samoa experience, go no further than Tisa’s Barefoot Bar at Alega Beach, a few miles east of Pago Pago Bay. This is a typical folksy South Seas watering hole. The bar’s open-air deck is built on pilings over a beautiful sandy beach with a lovely view of the surrounding green hills and bay.,Take a table and enjoy the view as you enjoy a Vailima beer (the local product from Samoa); light lunches are served as well. If you’re lucky, Tisa herself will be there to greet you and “talk story” a spell.,Fagotogo, the main business and government center of the territory, is next to Pago Pago. The Fagotogo public market is a great place to view a cross-section of American Samoa, especially on a busy Saturday morning.,There is island produce, veggies, tropical fruits and fish for sale, as well as authentic Samoan handcrafts.,The National Park of American Samoa includes sections of three islands: Tutuila, Ofu and Ta`u. On Tutuila, the park includes the mountain ridge to coastal section north of Pago Pago Bay and the area surrounding the village of Vatia. A section of Ofu’s pristine shoreline and fringing reef is protected as a marine sanctuary within the national park.,The southeastern half of Ta`u is part of the national park, and features 3,000-foot-tall sea cliffs, some of the tallest in the world, as well as native bird and plant species. Visits can be arranged at the National Park of American Samoa Visitor Center, at the Pago Shopping Plaza.,If you’re a hiker, one of the best hikes is to the TV transmission towers atop 1,600-foot (488 m) Mt. `Alava, above Pago Pago Bay. The hike takes one through the rain forested hills of the National Park of American Samoa. The half-day trek follows the ridgeline high above the bay and provides great views of Pago Pago Harbor and Rainmaker Mountain.,Visitors can also rent a car and drive to the east and west coasts of Tutuila. The coastal road zigs and zags its way up the coast, following bays and coves along the way. The road passes by deserted white-sand beaches and through quiet, tranquil villages, typically with one or more large churches and several traditional-style fale, or meeting houses. Another transportation option is to take one of the colorful Aiga buses that crisscross the island.,Off the eastern shore, ferries shuttle passengers a half-mile (.8 km) across the water to the small island of Aunu`u, a good island for explorations on foot. The eastern road terminates at the village of Onenoa.,From Pago Pago, the road west heads through Nu`uuli to Tafuna, near the airport, and across the flat southern plain. Several roads here branch off to villages.,The road extends west to Leone, site of a World War II airstrip, and into the hills surrounding the coastal villages of Amanave, Poloa and Fagamalo, where the road terminates. There are several scenic viewpoints along this coastal drive, with secluded coves, waterfalls and a few beaches.,At dusk, watch the forests and coastline for “flying foxes,” fruit bats that take to the air for nocturnal foraging. Sunset skies here are filled with dozens of the airborne mammals common to American Samoa.,If You Go,American Samoa Visitors Bureau
www.americansamoa.travel,Hawaiian Airlines currently provides the only overseas air service to Pago Pago International Airport from Honolulu.,Polynesian Airlines links Pago Pago with neighboring Apia, Samoa, with connections to Hawaii, New Zealand and other destinations.,National Park of American Samoa
www.nps.gov,Catch a rare glimpse into Japan’s ancient sport of sumo from a ringside seat.,Ichi, ni, san! In unison, the beefy sumo trainees lean slightly to the side and raise their legs to waist level. The hard-packed sand floor shakes ever so slightly as a dozen calloused feet come crashing back to earth. Ichi, ni, san! Thighs quivering, they raise the other leg and, with grunts of exertion, the exercise is repeated.,Ten minutes later, I stretch my own limbs in the back corner of the beya, or sumo stable, as the wrestlers continue their monotonous count. It’s only 8 a.m., but every trainee is sweating profusely. I don’t blame them – they’ve been in the ring since just past daybreak.,I arrived only an hour ago but in that short time I’ve discovered two truths. First, sumo – the ancient sport of Japan – is alive and well. And second, you can forget all those cracks about fat guys in diapers. These men areathletes.,Modern Japan may go ga-ga for her baseball heroes and pack the stands for a soccer match, but it’s sumo that’s still spoken of with an air of prestige and a hint of awe.,While the origins of sumo as a martial art are clouded in mystery, professional sumo began in the 17th century when cash-strapped samurai organized professional tournaments for monetary prizes.,Shinto, Japan’s indigenous religion, still plays a major role in influencing the traditions surrounding the match, from the presence of a Shinto priest in the role of referee to the pre-match purification rituals. Throwing salt into the ring is a common gesture with religious ties and, even here in the stable’s practice area, wrestlers shake handfuls of the white crystals into the dirt every so often.,Catching a glimpse of sumo wrestlers in action outside of their yearly tournaments is an uncommon privilege and not to be missed. Blessed with the opportunity to do just that, I rose with the sun and padded silently down the barely-stirring Tokyo thoroughfares to sit in on an early-morning practice.,Tokyo’s sumo culture centers around the backstreets of Ryogoku, a working-class neighborhood on the eastern side of the capital. Beya are a dime a dozen here, as are restaurants dedicated to keeping the wrestlers fueled. It’s not unusual to see a trainee wandering the lanes in the late afternoon, dressed in his obligatory yukata (cloth kimono) and sandals.,Next to the local rail station, the Kokugikan, an austere yet sprawling arena, is the physical incarnation of every sumo wrestler’s dream. This building plays host to three of the nation’s six grand tournaments every year. It is here, surrounded by throngs of supportive fans, that wrestlers find out – usually in the span of mere 5 second matches – whether these daily training sessions have paid off.,Loose and limber from the stretching exercises, the trainees begin a series of practice bouts. One wrestler is selected to face the others in a continuous onslaught of solid flesh and crunching bone. He remains in the ring until he has faced each trainee, some more than once.,To my untrained eye, the clashes look vicious. Any part of the body is fair game, face and neck included. What apparently looks like near-strangulation to me is merely par for the course.,I’m surprised when one of the slighter wrestlers successfully repels a larger colleague, grappling with his sweat-soaked arms and dragging him down to the earth. In sumo, size does matter, though speed and agility are not to be discounted.,Slim figures have a short shelf life in this sport. However, within weeks the smaller wrestler fills out, due mostly to the heavy diet of the sumo stable. The main source of calories for these agile behemoths ischankonabe, a one-pot dish laden with multiple sources of protein (fish, tofu and chicken with the skin still on are all popular inclusions).,Served in massive quantities and accompanied by generous servings of rice and alcohol, no sumo trainee remains a simple XL for long!,“Which ones are the big winners?” I whisper to my Japanese friend, my interpreter and “ticket in” to this morning’s session. Sumo practices are generally closed affairs and it helps to have a Japanese-speaking friend who can linguistically charm any irascible stable master.,“The yokozuna?” he says, referring to the grand champions of the sport, up to four at any given time. “Not here. This is a small stable with few well-known rikishi (wrestlers). There are no foreigners at this one either,” he adds.,It’s a recent discussion, but one that has prompted strong opinions from everyday Japanese citizens to sumo purists. The sport is being practiced by fewer and fewer native Japanese; Hawaiians and Samoans grabbed the top slots in the 90s while today’s champion hopefuls hail from far-off Belarus and western Russia.,The two reigning yokozuna, though known by Japanese names, are Mongolian. Critics of such international inclusion worry that their homegrown martial art will fall prey to overwhelming foreign influences.,However, sumo stables are  allowed to house only one foreigner at a time. Others see the injection of new blood as a chance to revive a flagging tradition. The verbal sparring drags on in many sumo circles, but here in the beya, politics matters not. It’s simply business as usual.,The trainees gather together for one final exercise, forming a human chain around the edge of the hard-packed ring. As they circle the practice area, I give these heavyweights a nod of admiration before quietly filing out.,If You Go,Visiting a Tokyo sumo stable is free but often requires a Japanese “chaperone” or significant Japanese language abilities  to navigate the complicated relationship between guests and the stable master. The following stables welcome occasional visitors:,*Tokitsukaze-beya, 3-15-4 Ryogoku, Sumida-ku, Tokyo, 03-5600-2561,*Oshima-beya, 3-5-3 Ryogoku, Sumida-ku, Tokyo, 03-3632-6578,*Wakamatsu-beya, 3-5-4 Honjo, Sumida-ku, Tokyo (03) 5608-3223,Always phone ahead to confirm your visit and you may consider bringing a small bottle of sake as a gift for the stable master.,Mandy Bartok is a freelance writer and language teacher living in Tokyo, Japan. Her work has previously appeared in Irish Roots magazine and Metropolis, Japan’s number one English language publication., ,Hi Mandy!
I’m visiting Tokyo soon and came across your article while doing research for my trip. Wonder if you are able to share with me offline more about visiting the sumo stables? I am unable to speak any Japanese but am really interested to watch them live.
Hope to hear from you, thank you 🙂
Regards.,Baoji, China, a city with history, nature and sights like Mt Taibai National Forest and Baoji Bronzeware Museum full of Zhou Dynasty artifacts.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission,On the western edge of Shaanxi Province, smack-dab in the middle of China, lies the city of Baoji. The characters that make up its name are Bao (宝,or Treasure) and Ji (鸡,or chicken.),Even though the juxtaposition of these two words seems like a non-sequitur, it is quite an apt name. The city is filled with historical treasures but also has a rural, agricultural, chicken-y feel. I learned about the region from one of my students.,In 2019, I spent a year teaching English in Xi’an, the biggest city in Shaanxi, China. When I told the class that I was going to visit Baoji during the Chinese National Holiday, one student spoke glowingly of the area. She told me that it is beautiful – filled with waterfalls, grasslands, and a scenic mountain.,She also acknowledged that the people there are under-educated. “I always want to urge them to read more books!” she said. Still, she grew up there, and so she had a deep affection for it. “There, life was simpler,” she told me. “It has a slow life pace.”,I learned from her that many companies in the town have closed, which is bad for economics, good for the environment. She added, “The air is fresh. Though the county is not rich, people are happy.”,Among the top things to see in Baoji are Mt Taibai National Forest and the Baoji Bronze Museum. Because it was raining – autumnal storms famously sweep across the province in October – we skipped the national forest and went to the museum.,Find other ways to immerse yourself in Chinese culture by becoming an Au Pair in China. See all the iconic sites, learn history, make new friends and get paid to work with children while you stay. Find out more about this opportunity to live in China here.,Baoji Bronzeware Museum is a fussy, musty name for the hyper-modern building that housed the artifacts. It was nothing like a regional museum. Set in a park, the stone edifice was boxy and square, like one of the enemy fortresses found in a Bond movie.,Rising out of the formidable cement was something akin to a bronze sundial, cannon, or maybe a package of Ritz crackers. The museum holds an impressive array of bronzes from the Zhou (pronounced Joe) Dynasty.,“Joe” reigned from 1046 BC to 256 BC. This was before the silk road opened to the west. But still, even without global trade, Baoji wasn’t a western backwater with chickens and under-educated people.,It had been home to human-like beings who wandered the Shaanxi plains for over 100,000 years. These Neolithic groups made pots, earthen embankments, and many, many spears and arrows.  ,The museum’s collection focused on the Zhou dynasty’s pots. When you look at the pots crafted from the time, the first thing that hits you is the whimsy. Some of the characters would be at home in a video game. ,These aren’t subsistence pots. These are decorative. The people who made them wanted to create something not just useful, but also beautiful.   ,Bronze was the dominant material of the time. Bronze is an alloy of copper. Thus, each of the artifacts is marked by a mysterious greenish haze, reminiscent of verdant moss or the angry sea.  ,The dynasty wasn’t just famous for its pots. It was also a time when its leaders began talking about what an ethical government could look like: What do people owe the State and what does the State owes its people? Questions that we wrestle with to this day.,Anxious to get out of the cycle of battles, war, and destruction (witness the many arrowheads and spears that are also housed in the museum), the leaders of the dynasty tried to answer these questions.,Despite the constant wars, this dynasty managed to think about what everyone’s responsibility is to their society. Emperors, merchants, nobles – each had a responsibility to the community to ensure that society worked. The Zhou dynasty is arguably the first Chinese dynasty and the longest-reigning dynasty.  ,Five hundred years later, Confucius and his followers codified these early thoughts about ethics and good government in a compendium of his wisdom called The Analects. ,One of the signs in the museum celebrated this inspiration in a somewhat convoluted way: “Just as what Confucius highly complimented: “How complete and elegant are the Zhou regulations. I’ll follow them!” ,All of the museum’s signs are delivered in this whimsically Chin-glish form, making the museum very accessible, even to non-native speakers. The exhibitions lead you in a circle from Baoji’s early history, through the founding of the Zhou dynasty, and then to its heights.,Along the way, you can see how the art changes and develops. At the end, there is an exhibit that explains how the bronze pots and creatures were made and describes how this fantastic collection was uncovered.,Three thousand years after the dynasty coalesced, during urban renewal projects of the 1970s and 80s, large stashes of bronze pots were found in cavernous holes, piled up and perfect in their sage green wisdom. ,The museum visit finishes with the following wisdom:,“Tracing along the river of civilization and tracking the ancient time, we found the wisdom of our ancestors; admiring these treasures with glory and resplendence, let us once again enjoy the enlightenment of sages: when we finish this visit across time and space, we finally discover that creation is the true meaning of history.”,These profound thoughts made me think of another philosopher. This one looked at ancient Greek urns and wondered at the stories they tell. In “Ode to a Grecian Urn,” the British poet Keats wrote: “Sylvan historian, who can thus express a flowery tale more sweetly than our rhyme.”  Baoji’s pots too are tiny historians telling a beautiful tale of a forgotten past.,When I dig back into my meager memory of world history (OK, so maybe I did check the internet), I found that 1000 BC was the time of David in Israel and the time of Homer in Greece.,Three hundred years later in 700 BC, Rome was consolidating, and the Greeks held their first Olympics. In 660 BC Byzantium was founded. At the same time, these beautiful little green artifacts were being cast, used, and then discarded on the plains of Shaanxi.  ,Getting there: ,Hotels:  Although this trip works well as a day trip from Xi’an, there are numerous hotels around the Baoji Bronze Ware Museum:,Restaurants near the Baoji Bronze Ware Museum,Baoji Bronzeware Museum is open daily from 8 am to 6 pm. Price: 10 yuan ($1.50). You sometimes need to show your passport. Address: China, Shaanxi Sheng, Baoji Shi, Weibin Qu, 滨河大道东段中华石鼓园; Phone: +86 917 276 9016,Live and work in China by becoming an au pair in China. Get international au pair experience, enjoy amazing food, explore national parks and more during your stay. Get everything arranged for you by the trusted team at Global Work & Travel. Learn more and plan your trip here.,Author Bio: Wendy Bashant was a dean and English professor in the US for 30 years at places as diverse as Coe College, New College of Florida and University of California, San Diego. She also taught in London and Thailand. Through a Japan Friends Research Grant, she returned to Japan, where she lived as a child. She has published scholarly articles and book chapters in The Pre-Raphaelite Journal and En Travesti: Opera and Gender Subversions (Cambridge UP), and poetry in various “Little Magazines.”  In 2019-20 she moved to Xi’an China and taught at Jiaotong University.,Filtering the English language through a foreign tongue can sometimes lead to a few good laughs.,Winston Churchill once said that the Americans and British are two peoples separated by a common language. The more countries I visit, the more this seems to be true all over the globe. For better or worse, English has become the second language for most of the world.,I never cease to be amazed by people who speak impeccable English in the mountains of Peru or the jungles of Cambodia. But I have found that an accent can make quite a difference.,Recently my wife and I, along with a travel companion, were in the tiny town of Battambang in central Cambodia. We hired a guide to take us up the river to our next destination at Siem Reap. This was to be a six-hour trip followed by crossing Lake Sap, the largest lake in Central Asia.,Battambang is an extremely poor area, and our mode of transport was a very small and battered boat, not much larger than the three of us. With six bags lashed to the bow, four travelers and the boatman, I figured we were overloaded by at least a ton. We frequently had seen four or five people on a single motorbike so no one but us was concerned about our weight.,We had been on the water only a few minutes when our pilot made for shore and hopped from our boat to another. Our guide said not to worry, he would only be a minute. He then added, “We need to pick up live chickens for their legs.”,My wife and I exchanged glances. We are pretty open-minded, especially when traveling in the developing world. However, it was obvious there was little room in our tiny vessel for live chickens.,If we had to take them along, we were willing to hold them on our laps — there was no place else to put them. The thought even occurred to me that perhaps the chickens were needed if the boat’s tiny engine stopped in the middle of nowhere.,I had a vision of us holding them over the side of the boat while their tiny legs paddled away, guiding us to safety. After all, our guide said we needed them for their legs.,We proceeded to make numerous jokes about live chickens towing us to shore if we capsized or about eating them if we became marooned in the jungle. Meanwhile, our guide just gave us puzzled looks.,Finally, my wife turned to him and asked, “How many chickens are we taking?” At first he seemed totally bewildered by this question, then a large smile spread over his face. He bent over and began to laugh uncontrollably.,My wife turned to me and said, “I’m glad he thinks us holding live chickens on our laps for six hours would be funny.” When he finished laughing, he looked at us and very loudly enunciated: “No live chickens! What I said was, we need life jackets for the lake!”,It took a moment for this to sink in. “Life jackets for the lake” when filtered through a Cambodian accent came to my ears as “Live chickens for their legs.”,Suddenly we all found this to be profoundly funny and for the next six hours chicken jokes abounded.,Whenever we made eye contact, our guide would laugh, shake his head and say, “America, so funny.”,Yes, indeed.,great story.,Battambang is now more advanced, very nice hotels are growing and you can explore this colonial town by bike. You can even do a kayak on the Sangke River which run by students.,Bored with traveling around Europe? Drop your bags and add volunteer service to your international travel plans. Here’s how to find the best volunteer vacation for you.,Aimee Maron, 23, wants to earn a master’s degree in international relations. But instead of going right back to school, she moved to Ecuador for a year. As a volunteer with WorldTeach, a non-profit organization that places English teachers in developing countries, Aimee taught Ecuadorian university students and lived with a host family.,“My experiences in Ecuador reinforced my goal to pursue a global career,” Aimee explains. In addition to gaining fluency in Spanish, Aimee’s volunteer experience also helped her get into a top international studies program in Monterrey, California.,Aimee sought out a trend in international travel that links service work with destinations in developing countries. These volunteer experiences can cover a range of periods and activities, from spending three weeks establishing a nature preserve, to teaching several years in an urban school.,Veterans of these trips claim that they forge connections to the local people and culture often missing from conventional “taxi and suitcase” vacations. As more students and young professionals seek alternatives to a traditional career track, the appeal of international volunteering is growing.,Quinae Harris, a 23-year old nurse from Seattle, has dreamed of visiting Africa since elementary school. When she and her husband Ryan were unable to arrange a service trip through their church, Quinae found a program in Cameroon organized by a medical doctor at the University of Washington. A few months later the couple boarded a flight for West Africa.,“I came to Cameroon both as a nurse and as someone intensely interested in world cultures,” Quinae admits. So far she has befriended several Cameroonian families and participated in many traditional celebrations and ceremonies.,John Basbagill, 25, studied computer science at Harvard University. But he has logged his recent computer time at Internet cafés all over the Pacific Rim. Last year he guided service trips on Fiji with Global Works, a job he found on the web site, www.backdoorjobs.com. John is enthusiastic about his time in the South Pacific.,“Learning about a culture, being a role model, and educating kids is a beautiful way to experience the world outside America,” he says. Volunteering abroad has also given John a new perspective on regular backpacking trips. “Traveling aimlessly for six months seems meaningless, now that I know the impact service work can make.”,Try a Google search for “international travel and volunteer” and a world of Web sites pops up offering programs on every continent—including Antarctica. One of the oldest companies is Global Volunteers, founded in 1984, which now arranges trips to 19 countries for 2,000 people each year. Participants can choose programs in wildlife conservation, teaching English or home construction.,Sometimes described as “volunteer vacations,” the service trips organized by groups like Global Volunteers target participants seeking a brief yet challenging break from their regular lives. Other organizations like WorldTeach and Visions in Action offer placements ranging from several months to several years and often require training and a more serious commitment.,The range of volunteer opportunities satisfies many comfort levels—from hard-core jungle explorers to urban sophisticates needing regular water and electricity. Programs also cater to a range of ages—from high schoolers to retirees—but the majority focus on participants in their migratory 20s and 30s.,Most teaching programs require a college degree. Some programs request fluency in the local language, while others offer language training. A few companies will design and organize the entire trip—from meals to souvenirs—for younger students and travelers venturing into less developed areas.,The majority of service trips are fee driven. A typical month-long program can cost between US$ 1,500 and US$ 3,000, depending on the company and destination. This fee covers meals and accommodations, but airfare is usually excluded. Most of the companies arranging volunteer trips are non-profit public charities like Global Volunteers.,They charge participants to cover their program expenses plus a little left over for administrative costs. Fund-raising among friends and family is a popular strategy for students and low budget volunteers who want to save money. However, with a little investigation and innovation, thrifty travelers can also find free and low-cost options to volunteer abroad such as Volunteers For Peace.,Finding the perfect volunteer stint is difficult, but convincing your friends and relatives to let you go can be even harder. Even normally rational people can oppose your trip to Borneo or Zambia with horror stories of poisonous spiders, burning fevers and erupting volcanoes. They are convinced they are saving your life, even if their fears are always inversely proportional to their actual knowledge.,Aimee won over her reluctant parents by preparing them early. “When I decided to go to Ecuador, I flooded them with information about my program,” she relates. Practical arguments can be helpful, as well. Aimee informed her family that living in the developing world would improve her chance of getting into a good graduate program. But beyond convincing friends and relatives, however, volunteers themselves must possess a strong and well-reasoned desire to travel overseas and the determination to overcome the certain obstacles. Anxious relatives stay behind, but self-doubt can threaten to derail a trip at any time.,“If I die right now,” explains Vicki Smith, “I would feel embarrassed explaining to God that I had spent my one and only life in an office.” Vicki, a 26-year old former engineer with Hewlett-Packard, is four months into a three-year teaching commitment in Cameroon with Lay Mission Helpers, a Catholic service organization.,While her decision to volunteer arose from self-reflection, the motivations behind international service trips can vary widely. Some participants are veteran volunteers looking to extend their experience overseas. Others stumble into these adventures during a break between jobs, after a setback in their personal life, or while changing careers.,Most volunteers are young people like Vicki looking to escape their routine-centered world and explore another country’s culture. In return, there is the potential to receive many benefits from their experience: authentic relationships, knowledge of how people live, helping those in need, and the appreciation that others show in return.,Expecting too much from a service trip, however, can lead to disappointment. “I came to Africa to discover the truth and wisdom of the people,” relates one volunteer in Cameroon nearing the end of her stay. “But I didn’t find it here.” Instead, much of what she witnessed discouraged her, especially the degraded status of women and the government’s chronic corruption. She does not regret coming to Cameroon, but she realizes that she arrived with unrealistic expectations.,To avoid a potential letdown, prospective volunteers should adopt a long-term view about their experience. A participant serving abroad can expect to rapidly gain increased independence, improved confidence and a better understanding of one small corner of the world.,Any long-term lessons from the trip, however, will depend on the volunteer’s capacity for self-reflection and adaptation. Sorting out meanings from thousands of remembered conversations, images and places can take months, even years. But the continuous learning spawned by international service work is what often spurs returned volunteers to start planning their second trip abroad even before they have absorbed their first.,International Volunteer Programs Association
www.volunteerinternational.org,Searchable database of volunteer programs, plus stories and travel resources
VolunteerAbroad.com
www.volunteerabroad.com,Directory of thousands of international volunteer programs, as well as job and study abroad.
Global Volunteers
www.globalvolunteers.org
Begun in 1984, this group offers worldwide and US-based programs in 19 nations, including Peru, Ghana, Ukraine and Australia. Cost: US$ 1,000 a week for two and three week programs,World Teach
www.worldteach.org
Places volunteer teachers in developing countries for 12, 6, and 2-month programs in eight countries including Namibia, Costa Rica and the Marshall Islands.,Volunteer For Peace (VFP)
It is more grass roots than other programs and assigns volunteers to various “work camps” around the world. VFP charges US$200 for 2-week volunteering trips in Europe.
www.vfp.org,U.S. State Department Travel Warnings
Updated list of country advisories and cautionary advice for travelers
https://travel.state.gov/travel_warnings.html,Centers for Disease Control Traveler’s Health Web site
Information on required and suggested immunizations and recent global disease outbreaks
www.cdc.gov/travel,Italy is rolling out a new visa designed for digital nomads. Here is what you need to know about this new visa.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Traveling for work these days is not as limited as it used to be. For many people, it means exploring new opportunities, new cultures, and new adventures.,Instead of staying in one location, people are using their skills, education, and experiences to work in different locations where they can explore new opportunities.,Digital nomads are the modern nomads. They can be anyone. They have jobs, or they work on their own as self-employed people. They can be students, or they can have a family. They can be retired, or they can be working towards a career change.,What they all have in common is that they have the skills and the freedom to work wherever they want in the world. You might not know it yet, but you might be a digital nomad too.,The Italian digital nomad visa is still very new, and the information provided here is subject to change, but here’s what we know.,The new digital nomad visa is a new type of visa that allows people to live and work in Italy as digital nomads.,It is a visa designed for non-EU residents who are highly qualified and have the ability to work remotely. The term highly qualified can apply to a variety of fields.,There has not been a published cap for this type of visa unlike other types of visas that Italy offers.,The specifics have yet to be determined but in general, to apply for a visa you must:,Also, the following are usually requirements when applying for a visa but are subject to change.,To apply for any visa, you usually must submit the following documents:,*note please see your local Italian consulate for specific criteria. This is meant to describe general visa procedures.,The specifics are still being rolled out, but if you were looking for your chance to live in another country, this could be it.,If the digital nomad visa doesn’t suit your situation, you can look into the other types of visas that Italy offers. Many travelers, if their country has an agreement with Italy or the EU, are able to stay in Italy for 90 days for a vacation and other purposes.,If you have the skills and the freedom to work from wherever you want in the world, then this may be right for you. It will allow you to work as a digital nomad in Italy and explore new opportunities, meet new people, and have new experiences.,This is no doubt a development that will be watched by many travelers seeking to visit Italy.,Read our other articles about life as a digital nomad:,Author Bio: Sandy Page is a life-long adventurer. In her free time, she reads and consumes copious amounts of hot beverages.,It’s no secret that apps can be a quick way to learn some words in a foreign language, but what are the best ways to learn a new language?,It’s no secret that language apps can be a quick way to learn some new words in a foreign language, but truly getting a grasp of it may take some more work… and some creativity.,Like just about everything else you could ever want or need, if you want to learn a language, there’s an app for that. The rising popularity in linguistic applications over the last several years has shown people’s growing interest in learning a language other than their own.,While these language learning apps may be a practical way to gain simple vocab and for basic memorization, sometimes you have to go old-school. Unfortunately, that means that the speed and immediacy that smartphones, in general, have made us accustomed to doesn’t work in this scenario.,But all is not lost! There are some fun and easy ways to learn a new language which can also  make the task ahead seem a lot less intimidating.,Here are the seven best ways to really learn a language that aren’t on an app.,How can you learn a language? By doing a course, of course!

This is a really fantastic option for someone who’s just starting out. Or, who used to speak another language pretty well in school, but has fallen victim to the whole use-it-or-lose-it concept (especially true when it comes to languages!),Some of the classic courses are Berlitz, Rosetta Stone and FluentU. Many of the apps, like DuoLingo and Babbel, will offer more in-depth training, as well. A course is no-doubt an investment, both in terms of time and money. Ensuring you make the right decision for you will take a little research.,Take a look at what other people have to say about the program that’s piqued your interest. If any offer a free trial, it’s worth giving it a try to get a sense of the teaching style and what specifically is emphasized in their approach. Some may offer group settings, while others focus on more one-on-one teaching.,Then, when it comes time to make your purchase, think about your goals and what learning style works best for you.,When most people finish a course, they’re thankful for the basics, yet worry that they don’t have enough of the conversational skills. Linguistic exercises are great, but how often do they really come up in conversation?,The best, and really only, way to master casually speaking in a new language is by actually casually speaking. This can be challenging if you don’t have anyone in your circle who speaks the language, or if you’re not in a country where that language is commonly spoken. Thankfully, there are some really fantastic ways to find speaking partners.,Many local community centers and universities offer classes and programs to match up people from different linguistic backgrounds. There are also online platforms, like Conversation Exchange, Polyglot Club and Easy Language Exchange. These platforms allow you to meet people looking to converse in their native language in exchange for conversing with you in your own language. ,Tip: Be sure to enable the filters on these language platforms to show what it is you’re looking for (texting, video conferencing, meeting in-person, etc.),Once you find a partner that you connect with, try to chat as consistently as possible. A simple format for your conversations is to speak for an hour, 30 minutes in each language. You’ll both be able to learn in a relaxed setting, and hopefully you’ll hopefully make a new friend, too.,When visiting a new place, one of the best ways to get a taste for the culture is to consume what locals do, especially through food and drink.,But, the same logic also applies to other activities that involve language. For example, by consuming the same shows, movies and music as the locals you’ll get a richer understanding of dialects and slang. This is another way to grasp casual conversation and to learn things other than grammar and sentence structure.,However, be sure to be actively engaging with the language rather than just passively listening. What that means is that you’re actually trying to listen to what is being said or shown and making sense of it. And, no, listening to music on your morning commute won’t cut it (although it can definitely help).,A helpful trick is to open two windows on your computer side-by-side. One window with a show/movie in another language (with subtitles) and the other open to your favorite translation website where you can translate any word that is confusing or unfamiliar. But remember, you don’t need to translate everything, just enough to get a general understanding.,This isn’t to say that apps aren’t helpful, they definitely are. The reason that language learning apps are so useful is that they’re quick, easy and they’re already part of our everyday life. But, don’t think you only need a language app to make the most of them.,Following and liking people on your existing media platforms from other parts of the world, especially well-known figures, can be a great way to incorporate the language into your newsfeed, and will also allow you to see what they see (back to that idea of consumption).,There are lots of fantastic creators out there who solely publish content on apps like TikTok and Instagram related to language. Some even do quizzes and activities that are fun and engaging, making the comment sections a great resource to see someone else’s thought process.,If you’re really feeling up to the challenge, try to change the language app setting on one of your apps, especially one that you use frequently. This will teach you a range of new vocabulary words that you may not otherwise learn. It will also bring the language into even the most mundane activities.,For anyone living in a place that speaks your target language, you have the benefit of having it all around you. This creates the perfect, immersive language learning experience.,Sure, it can be incredibly daunting at first. But starting with simple interactions, like ordering a coffee or buying something at the grocery store, can really help improve your language skills as well as boost your confidence.,For regular sentences that you can anticipate, like telling your waitress what you’d like to eat, it’s easy to practice beforehand. Other sentences may be more one off, so practicing how to say “I am new to the language” or “I don’t understand” will also come in handy.,You’ll find that people will love that you’re trying and will often give you advice on pronunciation or a better word choice. Take every opportunity to learn something new.,Other times, you’ll find people who will switch to English because they want to learn, too, or it’s simply easier for them. Try your best to stick with the new language because the more you put in, the more you get out.,This one may seem kind of silly, but try reading out loud. This is a really effective way to practice your reading and pronunciation in one go.,English is a language that is spoken at the front of the mouth. Whereas, other languages use completely different sounds and force you to vocalize in a way that you may not be used to.,Alone in your room, or in front of your language partner (if that’s the route you’ve chosen to take), find something to read and give it a go.,This doesn’t have to be some type of Shakespearean monologue — In fact, a great place to start is with children’s books. They use basic language and try to teach little kids the things that you’re trying to learn too, like vocab and grammar.,You’ll likely be super enthusiastic in the beginning, spending hours upon hours on your resolution. It’s new, exciting, and you’re incredibly optimistic. Fair enough. But, then your realistic side comes in and you realize that spending hours on a new language everyday is not sustainable. So, you let one day slip, then a week, then a month, then you’re back to where you started.,Instead of putting pressure on yourself to go-big-or-go-home, focus on slow-and-steady learning. All it takes is 15 minutes a day to really start to see progress. This 15 minutes can be in any form. Try watching a show (as discussed above), reading news articles, or, yes, even using one of the apps. The key, however, is to not always use the same source.,You want to make sure that you’re focusing on all four elements of learning a language: reading, writing, listening, and speaking. Just because you can read, doesn’t necessarily mean you can write and vice-versa. And just because you can listen, doesn’t mean, you guessed it, that you can speak and vice-versa.,Just remember, like any new skill, practice makes progress, so remember to be patient and you’ll be speaking with confidence in no time.,I always travel lot because I am a vlogger and these tips are very useful.,Thank you for sharing these tips. I also wish to leave a link that may help those who are in search for language partners. Justlearn is an app where you can find native tutors and online teachers to assist in your language learning.,The town that once executed 20 of its own during the Salem Witch Trials has moved on from its past to embrace those from all walks of life. In the meantime, it has a little fun with Halloween during its month-long Haunted Happenings in Salem,When it comes to fall destinations, only a handful can beat Salem, Massachusetts. Nicknamed the “Witch City” and allegedly the spookiest city in the US, Salem is mainly famous for its witch trials and witchcraft hysteria of 1962.,My introduction to Salem, Massachusetts, was actually a few miles outside of the city itself, just before Danvers. I found myself walking at the edge of a field shrouded by trees and the lengthening shadows of dusk.,Boasting perfect fall weather and the celebration of the “Haunted Happenings” events, October is the best time of the year to visit Salem.,The area seemed strangely familiar. I pulled out my phone and began scrolling through photos. In preparation for the trip, I had saved pictures of areas I had wanted to see, with reference points contingent on time and happenstance. This area was indeed familiar.,I had stumbled onto the Rebecca Nurse Homestead.,Rebecca was 71 when she was hanged in 1692, accused of witchcraft. She had been dragged from her home, which was a shocking prospect as she was deemed to be a virtuous and pious woman. She was also considered, by modern standards, borderline senile.,Standing on the edge of her property over three hundred years after her death shook me. It was a strange moment, humbling and saddening all at once.,The youthful part of me that grew up on a healthy diet of scary stories and tales of evil men and witchy women did not prepare me for the stark reality that I was now facing through trees and shadows.,My walk was along a journey that was far more terrifying for that elderly woman of the church than any sort of accidental turn I could have taken. The bite of late October air seemed without its usual tenacity to me as I recounted the history and walked solemnly toward my motel.,Salem, Massachusetts, has a past that is unique in American history. In early 1692, a group of young girls accused several local women in Salem of witchcraft. Soon, those accusations grew into a wave of hysteria that spread through the small colony.,This led to a series of hearings and prosecutions as more than 200 people were accused of practicing witchcraft.,Nineteen were found guilty and hanged, while another was pressed to death. Five others died while they were in jail.,It was the deadliest witch hunt in US history.,I arrived in Salem just as the sun disappeared, trading shifts with a cloud-covered moon.,During my time in Salem, I learned several lessons, the first being that Uber is a viable option when the days are short, and the walks are long. But the lessons that left the most indelible marks on my memory were those tied to the town and its roots.,Salem was alive with excited chatter and certainly a substantially larger amount of people than usual, just a week before Halloween. (The town has a month-long celebration of Halloween.),I spent my days there sipping too many coffees to count while watching tourists and guides shuffle through the streets. I don’t enjoy group activities, preferring to sidle into situations where new information is presented and then drift back to my solitary experience unnoticed.,Salem is a beautiful seaside town that offers visitors ample opportunity to create wonderful, enlightening memories. Being a small town, you’re sure to find dozens of spots that capture your interest as you explore the city.,One interesting spot to visit is the Salem Witch Museum. Known as the most visited attraction in the area, the Salem Witch Museum is centered on the Witch Trials of 1692 and offers visitors detailed accounts of the trials.,Another point of interest is the Peabody Essex Museum. Though not necessarily “witch-related,” you will be thrilled to see the evolution of sci-fi and horror film posters and marketing strategies that have been employed over the years.,If you’re a literary fan, the House of the Seven Gables might pique your interest as well. This structure is intimately linked to Nathaniel Hawthorne, the great-great-grandson to John Hathorne, one of the judges involved in the Witch Trials.,The Salem Witch House is definitely another one of the top Salem attractions. Formerly home to Johnathan Corwin, who also served as a judge in the Witch Trials.,Take a historic haunted night tour in Salem or the 1692 Witchcraft Trials Walk to get the whole experience. ,Finally, to enjoy the true Salem, try staying in an inn or hotel with a history of paranormal activity.,I learned a great deal on top of the research that I had done on my own. I got a better idea of how the tiny town had evolved over the years, growing in an entirely different direction than the puritan foundations could have predicted.,I learned about America’s first millionaire and his drunken elephant (it’s a story worth looking up).,I learned about trade routes and famous authors, such as Nathaniel Hawthorne. (You can visit the House of Seven Gables in Salem, the setting for Hawthorne’s book of the same name.) ,I learned that being removed from the deaths of 20 innocent people by 300 plus years didn’t actually diminish the profundity of the tragedy.,Salem, at its core, is a very American city, at least from my understanding as someone not from the United States. It’s a gem of a town, filled with wonderful people who celebrate the very things that once dragged this city to its knees.,I met some amazing folks, from local historians and museum caretakers to a new generation of witches and spiritualists. Salem is a town that treads the line of understanding the full scope of its history, in all of its darkness and embracing the quirkiness that grew from it.,Salem, Massachusetts saw what happens when powerful people wanted more than their fair share (arguably, many of the accused were in odd neighborly disputes about land) and then let hysteria take over the town.,The town witnessed what can happen when people are quick to create a category of ‘other,’ then label it wrong and evil. Yes, the Witch City is very American. It experienced the fullness of self-imposed terror, leading to heinous acts, and then it grew.,Today, it is inclusive, embracing strangers from the most curious walks of life, and that ‘other’ category is no longer something feared, but something to be shared.,My journey through this peculiar seaside town showed me a new definition of the American Dream, so often associated with bustling cities like New York City or even Boston, just across the channel.,The new American Dream, to me, looks like picking up the broken pieces of history and rebuilding them into a hopeful present and future. Salem is a shining example of what it means to learn from history so that you never repeat it.,That is the America that others so often wish to idealize. And my time spent in a town known as the Witch City gave me hope that the old dream never died.,Destination Salem –Salem.org,Haunted Happenings – https://www.hauntedhappenings.org/,Read More: USA Travel Guide,Author bio: Taylor is a curious mix of stay-at-home, and work-at-home Mom from Vancouver, Canada, who also has a fondness for solo adventures. She goes on adventures so she has more bedtime stories to tell her young daughter. She has been published on sites such as Scary Mommy, and Motherly, and has a collection of poetry available. You can find more of her work at https://dont-do-normal.com,Uzbekistan is rich in history and is growing as a travel destination. Here are five reasons you’ll want to visit.,Uzbekistan became one of the most surprising must-visit travel suggestions for 2020. A growing fascination with the history of the Silk Road certainly helped. ,For millennia, the travel route was the main link between the East and West and a crossroads of trade and culture. And Uzbekistan is home to some of the most stunning and well-preserved of these historic trading hubs. ,Lonely Planet even chose the Central Asian Silk Road as its top region to visit in 2020. Unfortunately, the Covid-19 outbreak frustrated many of those plans, but with the introduction of vaccines across the globe, Uzbekistan will remain a top destination for 2021. ,For most tourists, Uzbekistan’s most eye-catching sites are the historic cities Samarkand and Bukhara. ,But for those looking to explore further afield, here are five suggestions for unique travel experiences in Uzbekistan.,While bustling sites such as Samarkand have huge amounts to offer, for a more intimate experience of Silk Road history visit Khiva. ,Caught between two vast deserts, the Kyzylkum and the Karakum, Khiva’s remote and dramatic location has seen it evolve into one of the Silk Road route’s more calming destinations.  ,Believed to date back to the 6th century, Khiva became most famous for its brutal slave market. As many as a million Persians were thought to have been enslaved there in the 19th century. ,Today, Khiva is home to just 40,000 people and the atmosphere couldn’t be more hospitable. Visitors are encouraged to sample homemade food in restaurants and markets, or to take a wander through the labyrinthine streets brimming with traditional architecture, from mosques to blue-tiled minarets. ,Markets remain a central part of Uzbek, and Central Asian, daily life. For an authentic experience of an Eastern market, Abu Saxiy on the western side of the capital Tashkent is a must-see. ,Founded in 2006, Abu Saxiy grew rapidly into a shopping mecca with nearly 3,000 shops and 10,000 visitors a day. ,It’s now Uzbekistan’s largest market, covering an area over 60 acres (the size of nearly 50 American Football fields). Abu Saxiy serves as a commercial wholesale market where locals buy clothes and textiles, as well as a place to buy traditional foods, spices and souvenirs, offering a peak into the local economy and lives of regular Uzbeks. ,Its success came from founder Timur Tillyaev’s idea to transform 680 vacant shipping containers into affordable and adaptable stalls – much like those now found in cities across the US and Europe. ,Traders were quick to make the most of the opportunity and today Abu Saxiy has become the beating heart of Uzbekistan’s market culture, bringing together Uzbek products, cuisines and communities. ,The town of Nukus in the remote northwestern region of Uzbekistan, Karakalpakstan, might sound like an unlikely place for a world-renowned art Museum. ,But the so-called “Louvre of the Steppes” houses an impressive collection of drawings and paintings by artists from across Central Asia. The Nukus Museum of Art is also an important repository for significant cultural artefacts from Karakalpakstan. ,Its founder, Igor Savitsky, first visited the desert region in 1950 as the resident artist of the Chorazmian Archaeological-Ethnographic Expedition – the largest archaeological expedition by the Soviet Union, covering much of Central Asia and lasting between 1937 and 1991. Savitsky’s journey stopped at Nukus. Enchanted by the local culture, Savitsky remained there the rest of his life (he died in Moscow in 1984). ,Over the years he amassed an impressive collection of traditional carpets, coins, clothing and other artefacts. A testament to Savitsky’s dedication, the museum today houses around 90,000 items that traverse antiques from the ancient Khorezm civilization to works from the Russian avant-garde in the 1950s, as well as contemporary Uzbek and Karakalpak artists.,In the Zoroastrian faith – one of the world’s oldest religions, which some believe originates as far back as 4,000 years – Towers of Silence, or dakhmas, were the centre of the funeral ritual. ,For Zoroastrians, the bodies of the dead were considered unclean and in need of purification. The bodies would be placed at the top of the towers where sunlight and scavenger birds would consume the body, removing any contamination. ,When only the bones remained, they would be buried. The remains of the Chilpik dakhma in Karakalpakstan are thought to be the oldest in existence, dated between first century BCE and the first century CE. Locals say it was where the religion’s founder, Zarathushtra, wrote the sacred scriptures known as the Avesta. ,Whether this is true or not, the 50 ft circular structure rising above the arid landscape on a lone hill provides a poignant reminder of Uzbekistan’s rich and ancient history. ,Few are aware that Uzbekistan suffered one of the worst ecological disasters of all time less than 100 years ago. ,The Aral Sea, previously one of the planet’s four biggest lakes, has shrunk to 10 % of its size since the 1960s. The worst affected city of all was Moynaq. Once a bustling fishing port, Moynaq is now situated almost 100 miles away from the lake’s waters. ,As the dangers of climate change become increasingly clearer, Moynaq has taken on a symbolic resonance. Abandoned fishing vessels sit eerily on mounds of sand surrounding the semi-ghost town. ,The post-apocalyptic atmosphere of Moynaq makes it one of Uzbekistan’s more surreal tourist experiences. ,Go beyond the Amalfi Coast to the nearby island of Ischia to experience local charm and stunning beaches.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Who doesn’t like the idea of summering in Europe? Beach parties and grilled octopus in the Greek isles, bike rides through the South of France, endless drinks and tapas across Spain—all wonderful options.,And then, of course, there’s Italy, where life slows to a leisurely pace and love hums down every street, hand in hand with the aroma of fresh-baked pizza pies.,Few countries have inspired tales of romance and wanderlust like Italy, which is why millions of tourists flock there every summer, each with the thought of Timothée Chalamet biting into a succulent peach playing in their mind, hoping to live out their own “Call Me By Your Name” love story. ,Dripping peaches and romance might explain what drew me to Italy this summer, but credit is owed else where when it comes to explaining why I decided to extend my stay and leave my date dumbfounded on the ferry dock.,For it was not Timothée’s masterful performance that inspired me, but a different movie altogether which I fortuitously happened across one evening while polishing off a bottle of wine on the Amalfi Coast.,To tell this story properly, I must start at the beginning. A new romantic interest had just invited me to Italy for two weeks. Despite only two dates on record, our chemistry was good and it sounded like too fun of an opportunity to pass up. ,So, on a whim, I booked my ticket. Having never been to Italy before, we obviously first explored Rome for a few days. After that, we made our way down to Naples and the Amalfi Coast.,We rented a scooter, stayed in a beautiful Amalfi cliffside villa, and spent our days sunbathing, sipping espressos, drinking wine, and gorging ourselves on pasta. It was a heavenly experience for the most part. ,But as lovely as the Amalfi Coast was, I felt certain places like Capri and Positano were lacking in charm due to the inundation of tourists. ,Don’t get me wrong, everywhere was picturesque and the food to die for. As a personal preference, however, I always look for hidden gems when I travel, where large crowds and touristic customs have not yet detracted from the authenticity of a place. ,I was thus left wanting more… and I eventually found it, the gem, perhaps not so hidden, but authentic all the same.,While Instagram influencers and trendy tourists flock to Capri and the Amalfi Coast for their Mediterranean summer getaways, a far less-popular destination sits right across the Bay of Napoli in the Tyrrhenian Sea. ,The movie that led me to this hitherto undisclosed location was “The Talented Mr. Ripley.” This 1999 cinematic masterpiece is a must-see, if not for the enthralling plot then for its alluring setting. Filmed on-site throughout Italy, the title was, unsurprisingly, promoted as an Italian Netflix top choice, which made it hard to miss when scrolling through movie options.,I had seen the film once long ago, but many details had been forgotten. Still, I’m not one to often re-watch movies—variety is the spice of life and all—so it was a combination of luck and fate that brought Mr. Ripley’s stomping ground back into my purview, as my date had not seen it and wished to do so. Our bellies full, wine glasses in hand, we kicked back and pressed play.,Much of “The Talented Mr. Ripley” takes place in the fictional town of Mongibello, which, I learned from some quick research during the movie, was largely filmed on the island of Ischia. I had never heard of Ischia before, but oh how did it pique my interest. ,The scenes depicted on the screen were of quaint fishing villages, where life entailed little more than the gentle rocking of sailboats and easygoing strolls down cobblestone streets.,I was sold. Within hours of finishing the film I canceled my return flight and found an Airbnb on Ischia for the entire month of June. I then reluctantly told my date that I wouldn’t be returning on the flight we had planned, which was news received with both shock and envy. ,When our final day in Amalfi arrived, I bid an apologetic but excited farewell and stepped onto the ferry for a 2.5-hour cruise across the Bay of Napoli.,It’d be more romantic if I told you that I looked back and blew kisses to my Amalfi date from the rail, but I had heard the siren’s call. Ischia had already stolen my heart.,I’ve been hesitant to write about Ischia since traveling there for fear of drawing attention to such an unspoiled and authentic Italian island. ,Alas, further research suggests that Ischia is already somewhat well-known and touted as being home to some of the best beaches in the Mediterranean. ,Especially on the part of the island I opted for, I can assuredly state that the beaches are indeed sublime. But more importantly, at least to me, the feel of the place—the vibe, the charm, the soul, il cuore, whatever you wish to call it—was as real as it gets.,The island of Ischia is unabashedly Italian in every way, from its volcanic vineyards to its ancient castles and idyllic beaches. ,More than anything else, it was the local characters that marked a form of genuine Italian hospitality and charisma that made for an unforgettable experience. Family, fine wine, quality food, and peace of mind—the Italian staples of the good life (la dolce vita) were on full display everywhere I looked.,There’s too much to tell for one article alone—fabulous restaurants (Da Peppina Di Renato), stylish beach clubs (Scannella), cute cafes (Gelateria Roxy), easy boat rentals (West Coast Ischia), and sunset hikes (Monte Epomeo)—so I’ll share only the finer points of what made my Ischian holiday so special, in the hopes that my account will inspire you to make your own magical memories in Ischia next summer, instead of lose yourself in the cliché that is Capri.,I woke up every morning in a garden on the seaward side of Ischia, a few kilometers outside of the second-largest town on the island, Forio. The entire island is only 48 square kilometers and can be circumnavigated by road in about two hours. ,There’s also a winding mountain pass across the middle of the island, adorned with cute villages and trailheads. Ischia is a volcano, which locals claim, due to its larger size, would yield an eruption far greater than the one that destroyed ancient Pompeii. ,For reference, the island of Capri is only 10 square kilometers. But don’t worry, there hasn’t been an eruption on Ischia in over 700 years.,The volcanic activity does, however, usher up from the depths an incredibly rare phenomenon. For centuries the Greeks and Romans came to Ischia for the abundance of fish within its unique thermal waters. ,All over the island, natural hot springs pour forth steaming mineral water from beneath the earth’s surface. Some of these hot springs have been cultivated into spa parks and are even used to heat fancy hotel pools. But one hot spring surpasses all the others in my opinion, and it was there that I had unknowingly booked my Airbnb.,My garden suite was part of a small farm that had been passed down through a local family for generations. ,Development on the island is pretty much forbidden, as all of the land is protected. According to my Airbnb host, if you want to build on Ischia, you either have to “know” the right people or do your construction very incrementally, usually at night, so as to not be noticed by the authorities. Therefore, my surroundings were surreal. ,My room had all of the modern comforts, sure, but just beyond the garden fence there was nothing but peach trees and vineyards. And within the fence, the garden proffered lemons, figs, endless other fruits and vegetables, eggs, and even rabbits.,Every day I left the property and walked down a dirt track through a vineyard to the beach. This beach was at the bottom of a long stone staircase. It’s called Sorgeto Bay (Baia di Sorgeto) and it’s not an ordinary beach. ,Flowing directly into the shallow rocky cove comes hot spring water from underground, creating thermal tide pools in which beachgoers can lounge, apply mud masks, and/or order cocktails from the beach’s no-frills bar and restaurant. Salty seawater the temperature of a hot tub—not many places in the world offer such a thing. And to cool off, you need only swim out a few strokes into the turquoise waves. ,What’s more, the thermal baths were perfect for brisk evening escapades and late-night skinny dips under the moonlight. The amazing thing was, the beach wasn’t often crowded, especially at night, providing the perfect place for me to eat my just-picked peaches in peace.,The people I met at Sorgeto—including an alternative fellow who went by the name of Thor, and for good reason given his similarities in appearance to the Norse demigod—will not soon be forgotten. Thor, in fact, lives at the beach full time, and although some would classify him as “homeless,” I have no reservation in saying that he has built a home and life for himself in Sorgeto to be proud of. ,Tucked into the cliffs, he has devised an impressive enclave containing a hammock, warm cave bed, fire pit, private thermal bath, kitchen, paddle board, and motored canoe. Harvesting fresh muscles from the sea daily, fishing, picking fruit, and bartering for various items, Thor was tanner, healthier, and happier than most I’ve encountered on my journeys, the personification of non è tutto oro quello che luccica.,He had given up his job and broken out of what he called the “simulation” years prior. There’s no need for money or stress, he told me. Sorgeto Bay and the exceptional island of Ischia have everything he needs free of charge. ,Now, I’m not advising you to quit your job too and post up on the beach next to Thor for the indefinite future, but I am advising you to go have a taste, a taste of fresh Ischian peach and a bite out of a true Italian paradise. ,If Thor is still there, say hi from American Phil and ask him for a ride on his canoe to the secret beach in the neighboring bay. Perhaps you’ll find some ancient Roman treasure buried there, though the island itself is certainly treasure enough, a hidden gem in the Tyrrhenian Sea.,Author Bio: Philip Finkelstein is a creative and technical writer with a political science degree from the University of British Columbia. He has been a blog contributor for Citizens’ Climate Lobby and is working on the publication of his first novel, a dystopian thriller about American culture and geopolitical tensions. Follow his writing journey or reach out at philipfinkelstein.com.,It doesn’t matter whether you spell it Ghent or Gent, this magical city has captivating architecture, culinary delights and live music.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,My first thought in planning a trip to Belgium as a French speaker was how easy it would be. My first thought getting off the train from Brussels to Ghent, Belgium, and stepping out onto the very crowded platform: “Hey, I guess I was wrong.”,Signs in Dutch. People speaking Dutch. Bicycles everywhere. Suddenly the “h” in Ghent, the English spelling, had mysteriously disappeared from the word Gent. Where the hell was I?,Brussels, where the people speak French and are slightly more assimilated with South-Western (read: French) European culture is one thing, but in Gent is decidedly…Northern.,Ghent – or Gent, depending on your language – is in the Flemish part of Belgium. ,To a lot of people, is more closely related to the Dutch language and Belgian’s northern neighbors, The Netherlands, than it is to the French Capital of Brussels.,It surprises many people to learn that there are in fact three distinct parts of Belgium: the Flemish (Dutch speaking) province in the North, the French in the Center, and a small German province in the East.,Despite language and cultural differences, Belgians pride themselves on their open, cooperative natures, a trait woven through the fabric of the country on a governmental level (you try conducting governmental business in three languages!) and a personal one.,This means, of course, that the people there were some of the friendliest I’ve met.,I wound my way from the Brussels Zuid station to St. Peters Station in Ghent for only 7 euros, and made my way to a delightful hostel in the Turkish part of town known as Rabot.,It was evening when I toured the city, and I was awed by what I saw. Everywhere I went, there was a permeating sense of serenity. And with a light smattering of tourists basking with me in the glow of the numerous canals lit by lamplight, I don’t think I was alone.,Case in point: I stumbled into a small crowded mooning over the Gravensteen, an impressive Medieval Castle modeled after one made in Syria in the 12th century.,People in Ghent are incredibly friendly, and speak an absurd amount of English. Where in other places one might feel a bit out of place waltzing up to a counter with a shy “do you speak English?”,Ghentians were more than okay with a jovial “hello!” and often offer it up themselves.,I got the distinct feeling that it’s a place that has not yet been overrun with tourists, despite the often ostentatiously beautiful canals and gothic style architecture colluding to make it an incredibly attractive tourist destination.,I ended up spending the majority of my time strolling up and along the harbor, admiring the old buildings, visiting old refurbished meat and fish markets, as well as climbing the 390 stairs of the Belfry to look at the beautiful old St. Niklaas cathedral.,I snacked on regional raspberry candy called Cuberdons (Nozen, or “noses” in Dutch), and ate some good vegetarian food (Ghent boasts the most vegetarians per capita in Europe!).,I wandered into an old market turned upscale shopping center called De Post, lunched on artisan hipster Pizza at Ottomat, and repeatedly gawked at Wasbar, a brunch place where you can actually do your laundry while you eat.,I spent my last evening at the Hot Club, a bar popular amongst all ages and known for live music on the weekend, sipping a hot cider and admiring the eclectic mix around me: of people, of languages, of smiling faces peering behind drinks in all colors.,And as far as Western Europe goes, I can say that there’s been no better surprise to me than the low-key magic of Ghent, (whichever way you spell it).,The best seasons to visit Ghent (Gent) are early summer to early fall, as temperatures can get quite cold in the wintertime and it can be rainy in the spring.,If coming from Brussels, train tickets can be purchased from Brussels, same day at Brussels South station for only 7 euros.,The trip lasts approximately one hour and a half.,General information about visiting Ghent can be found here: https://visit.gent.be/en/home,I particularly recommend visiting St. Nikolaas’ church (https://visit.gent.be/en/st-nicholas-church), checking out Ghent’s fish market (https://visit.gent.be/en/old-fish-market) and snacking on some local Cuberdons.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Nicole Horowitz is a travel writer originally from Orange County, California. After graduating from New York University, and spending some time in Los Angeles, Nicole got on the road to pursue her dream of traveling the world and writing about it along the way. She has been published in Forth Magazine, The Penny Hoarder and NYU’s Baedeker Magazine. Her favorite things to write about are budget travel and city living. She currently lives in Madrid, Spain.,What a beautiful article. I didn’t travel to Ghent yet, but some of my friends were there and really loved this city, especially l can see it after reading your post. And l can agree with you that people in Belgium are so friends and nice, l didn’ have any problems with communications as a foreigner.,After reading your article I have a desire to travel, you inspired me to go to Belgium!,Explore one of the most beautiful gems of Nepal with one adventurer’s travel tips after exploring Kathmandu through ethical volunteer travel.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,After a warm greeting at Kathmandu International Airport by my travel guide Nora, we rushed into a Nepali ride share car. ,“They don’t have traffic lights here,” Nora casually mentioned. “It can be a little unnerving.” ,Groggy after traveling halfway around the world, I didn’t fully comprehend her comment until we were on Kathmandu’s chaotic streets. They were bumper to bumper with cars, trucks, and busses and in between motorcycles squeezed into every inch of space.,Lanes were nonexistent and left turns a combination of luck and shear will. With the streets so congested, however, we couldn’t go much faster than 35 mph, so I was more overwhelmed by the incessant honking and smell of exhaust. ,All that changed when we arrived at the Green Palm Boutique Hotel, a small family-run hotel in Budhanilkantha in the foothills above Kathmandu.,My third-floor room had a queen-size bed with access to a wraparound balcony with stunning views over the terraced hills of the Kathmandu Valley. The hotel was a breath of fresh air, literally, above the city smog.,That evening I had dinner with my travel companions, Nora Livingstone, founder of volun-tourism agency Animal Experience International and her business partner and wildlife veterinarian Dr. Heather Reid. In the hotel’s quaint courtyard, we enjoyed a traditional Nepalese meal of dal bhat (lentil stew over steamed rice) from the hotel’s vegetarian café. ,After dinner we relaxed by sipping Carlsberg beers and watching the hazy sunset behind Chandragiri Hill. I thought Chandragiri was a Nepal mountain, but when I asked, hotel staff quickly corrected me. In the land of the Himalayas, Chandragiri was merely a hill.,No need for an alarm the next morning because barking dogs and prayer bells announced the sunrise. Breakfast was included with our rooms, but when I met my travel mates down in the courtyard, the sun hadn’t climbed high enough to warm the patio yet. Our server, who was also the chef, brought us a large green thermos of hot water. ,The water wasn’t hot because we were chilly, however. It had been boiled to kill germs since Nepal’s tap water is notoriously unsafe to drink. I poured the steaming water into a glass and held it to warm my hands. ,Today’s breakfast of a large veggie omelet with toast and jam was delicious, but the best part came last – slightly sweet Nepalese coffee. It would become our morning ritual the rest of our weeklong stay: lingering over warm coffee while watching the playful antics of the hotel’s house dogs, puppies Ruby and Kali, and elder stateswoman Pepper, in the courtyard. ,The pastoral mornings at the Green Palm would become a peaceful contrast to our evening excursions into the city. Nora chose this hotel because it was within walking distance to the animal shelter we volunteered at during the day.,However, staying in this location was possible thanks to Pathao, Nepal’s version of Uber. Nora used it to summon cars when we transformed into tourists to visit Kathmandu’s historic sites. ,Our first major site was Kathmandu’s most famous, Boudhanath, or Boudha Stupa, one of the largest, most active Buddhist temples in South Asia. Despite its popularity, Nora noted how calm the atmosphere around the temple was compared to the bustling city street we had come from.,Surrounded by tall buildings – the entrance felt like an alley – the stupa wasn’t quiet, but instead of revving motorbikes and blaring horns I heard more organic sounds like the flapping of flags, the squeaks and creaks of wooden prayer wheels, and the clanging of bells. ,From street level, it’s hard to take in the entirety of the massive white mound that makes up most of the stupa. At the top, a golden cap featured Buddha’s mysterious eyes looking out in four directions. ,Nora led us around the 5th century stupa counterclockwise, the same direction as the hundreds of pilgrims turning row after row of prayer wheels releasing their mantras to heaven. A monastery on the opposite side allowed visitors to walk up to the third-floor balcony for a bird’s eye view of this impressive structure. From up top, the people circumnavigating the stupa flowed like a stream. ,We had dinner on the rooftop patio of the Himalayan Café as the sunset behind Boudhanath. Here Nora introduced us to momo, or Nepalese dumplings. I called them doughy pillows of deliciousness.,She said every Nepalese restaurant had their own version, but usually they came either steamed or fried with a choice of fillings – chicken, buffalo, or veggie – and a tomato-based sauce to dip them in (the level of heat in the sauce would also vary by restaurant). If ever unsure about what to eat, she said, we couldn’t go wrong with momo. ,We paired our veggie momo with Gorkha Strong Ale, also brewed by Carlsberg, a premium pilsner named for the Gorhkas, a fierce fighting ethnic group that was part of the Nepalese army. ,The following evening we took a Pathao ride to Nepal’s oldest Tibetan Buddhist temple, Swayambhunath on Kathmandu’s northwest side. Also known as Monkey Temple for the hundreds of monkeys who occupy the complex, Swayambhunath isn’t as large as Boudhanath, but its location was the city’s highest point and pilgrims must walk up 365 steps to reach it. ,Similar in architecture to Boudha, Swayambhunath also had a white round base with a golden pyramid on top with those mesmerizing eyes. Monkeys swarmed the complex – all over the stupa, sitting on statues, hiding behind prayer wheels, and chasing each other through the plaza. Not sure what I took more photos of, the monkeys or the stupa. ,Behind the busy stupa were cafes and shops featuring Nepalese arts and crafts. One shop owner waved us into the Swayambhu Art Gallery to show us his beautiful metal Tibetan singing bowls. He demonstrated their quality by rubbing a wooden mallet around the outside edge of the bowl, which was filled with water. ,The mallet vibrated the bowl which then vibrated the water causing droplets to jump out onto the floor while a calming low-pitched hum filled the shop. It was beautiful, but the bowls were too big for our carry-on luggage. We purchased much smaller, yet equally gorgeous metalwork earrings instead.,After returning down the steps, we searched for a restaurant for dinner. We hadn’t gone more than a city block when a modern 3-level bistro with a glass front called Lamee Coffee House caught our eye. We walked up to the second-floor balcony and were given menus in both Nepalese and English where the word ‘nachos’ caught our attention. Curious about the Nepalese version of this Western dish, we couldn’t resist ordering it. ,We also ordered momo for backup. The ‘nachos’ were topped with cheese, copious amounts of sour cream, and what looked and tasted like pico de gallo. Even though the momo turned out not to be necessary, they were so good we ate them too.,Budhanilkantha had its own areas worth visiting. A 1.8 km walk from the hotel was Budhanilkantha Temple, a Hindu shrine dedicated to Lord Vishnu. As we walked Nora told us about its ancient legend of a farm couple who discovered a fully formed statue when their plow ran into it drawing blood.,Sometime in the 7th century, the statue was set in a small pond where the massive stone structure is said to “float.” Since only clerics can touch Lord Vishnu, no one has been able to prove or disprove that. ,Regardless, the statue is gorgeous – an onyx-black figure lying flat with an ornate metallic headpiece and adorned with vibrant orange garlands of marigolds. As we circled the fenced statue, a steady stream of worshipers entered the shrine while children chased pigeons in the plaza. ,A short walk from the shrine on Golfutar Main Road is Himalayan Java Café, a modern eatery in grey and white tones with soft seating around the perimeter. Gorgeous desserts were on display in a glass counter.,We each ordered a decadent piece of cake (red velvet for me) with an equally decadent mocha latte. If not for the Nepalese pop music in the background, I would have thought we were in a French patisserie or an Italian caffe bar.,One afternoon the animal clinic’s director took us to lunch at a new restaurant, Imago by Rachael, owned by his friend and Scottish expat Rachael Manley. A restauranteur for over 15 years, Manley was famous in Nepal for her cheesecakes. When we asked how she ended up here, she said she has lived in Nepal for 26 years.,“I’ve been away for so long,” she laughed, “Scotland is like a mythical place to me now.” ,Her restaurant was in a former residence with elegant indoor spaces that showcased Nepalese art and decor. After a busy morning volunteering with street dogs, Imago’s outdoor patio was a little oasis. The upscale menu had French and Italian influences, but with fresh, local ingredients. ,We started with an appetizer of garlic brioche and pesto. Then I savored a dish of fresh seasonal Waldorf salad with sliced apples, chickpeas, and honey roasted walnuts, while Nora and Dr. Heather shared a mushroom thin-crust pizza. We ended our meal with Manley’s dreamy tiramisu. ,Another rideshare took us to Kathmandu Durbar Square. A UNESCO World Heritage site, the pedestrian-only square was once home to generations of Nepalese ruling families and held not one, but two durbars or palaces; one in the ancient Newar style and a newer one built in 1908 in classical European style. ,Surrounding the palaces were elaborate temples, plazas, courtyards, and baths. Founded in the 3rd century, most of the square’s structures were built by successive rulers, each trying to outdo the previous one.,Because of earthquakes, many structures were rebuilt more recently (and by recently, I mean 1600-1700s). Even today many areas were off limits or held up by buttresses because of damage from a major 2015 earthquake. ,The ancient square wasn’t a hushed museum, however. It was alive with people going about their daily business walking dogs, having coffee, and pushing baby strollers. I was surprised at the number of young people hanging out in the historic square doing what teenagers everywhere do best, sitting on temple steps taking smartphone photos and videos of each other or performing TikTok dances in the plaza. ,In contrast, an older crowd gathered around the ferocious-looking Hindu statue of Kal Bhairav, a fierce avatar of Lord Shiva, to receive blessings from a holy man, a blending of Kathmandu’s old and new. ,My last afternoon in Nepal was spent in modern comfort at the Fairfield Inn by Marriott in Kathmandu’s Embassy District. Since my flight didn’t depart until midnight, I needed a place closer to the airport to freshen up before my long flight home. ,Using my Marriott status, I was able to check-in an hour early and enjoyed a complimentary beverage and fruit plate while gazing at the Budhanilkantha foothills from my eighth-floor room as the sun set over the city. ,My neatly appointed room was almost too quiet; having gotten used to Kathmandu’s noisy soundtrack, I now missed hearing it. Though I was only in the hotel for a few hours, it was long enough to relax and reflect on the peaceful chaos that is Kathmandu. ,This trip was taken with Animal Experience International, a Canadian company that arranges safe and ethical volunteer travel experiences involving animals, both domestic and wildlife, around the world.,A certified B Corp, Animal Experience International, run by Nora Livingstone and Dr. Heather Reid, offers both individual travel planning and group tours to highly vetted animal organizations along with site seeing and meals.,Learn more https://www.animalexperienceinternational.com/,Visitors to Nepal must apply for a tourist visa upon arrival at the airport. The process is simple, but lines can be long. Fees are $30 US for 15 days, $50 for 30 days, and $125 for 90 days and paid in US dollars so bring enough cash to pay the fee at the airport. ,Kathmandu temples and world heritage sites require a modest fee for foreigners to enter. Non-Hindus are allowed entry to some shrines, but must adhere to dress codes, such as removing shoes and keeping shoulders and knees covered. Ask before you enter. ,Nepal Tourism Board – https://ntb.gov.np/kathmandu,Pathao – https://pathao.com/np/,Green Palm Boutique Hotel – http://green-palm-boutique-resort.kathmandubesthotels.com/en/,While breakfast is included with hotel stays, dinners cost extra, and the hotel’s vegetarian café does not serve lunch.,Imago by Rachael – https://www.tasteimago.com/,Fairfield by Marriott Kathmandu – https://www.marriott.com/en-us/hotels/ktmfi-fairfield-by-marriott-kathmandu/overview/,Author Bio: Carrie Dow is a freelance writer based in Charlotte, NC, whose work has appeared in regional and national magazines. She founded What’s Pawsitive, a website that profiles animal-based travel, animal rescue organizations, and animal welfare advocates around the world. ,Vodka and good friends amount to a lesson in Russian tradition and an unforgettable party.,Rule #1 Don’t throw the party in your own apartment.,I broke this rule, partly because I was taken by surprise. I had gone with several of my friends, including Sasha and Anya, to see a movie. We had all been interviewed by one of the local TV stations, the second time I’d been interviewed for TV since coming to this industrial city of 600,000 people almost halfway between Moscow and the Pacific Ocean along the Trans-Siberian railroad in south-central Russia.,But that’s not what the story is about. This story is about the bachelor’s party that nearly destroyed my apartment building. After the movie, Sasha had said, “Anya and I would like to tell you that we’re getting married a week from Saturday. Aren’t you going to congratulate us?”,We were all too shocked to speak, not so much by the “getting married” part ― they’ve been dating for years ― but by the “week from Saturday” part.,I shouldn’t have been surprised when our mutual friend Dima called the next day asking to throw the bachelor’s party at my place. I was a little hesitant.,Since arriving in Irkutsk to work at an environmental non-profit protecting Russia’s greatest environmental treasure, the nearby Lake Baikal, I’d already thrown one party in my apartment. Granted, the New Year’s bash had been a blast, but afterwards the whole place had been covered ankle deep in food crumbs and spilled vodka.,The women at the party had insisted on cleaning everything up before they left, but obviously they would not be around for the bachelor’s party.,There was no other place to have the party, though. I’m the only one in my group of friends here in Russia who lives alone (e.g., not with my parents). So that Sunday, I agreed. The party was scheduled for Tuesday.,The beginning of the party went fine. By tradition, a Russian bachelor’s party always starts with a trip to the banya, a Russian bathhouse resembling a sauna.,What’s the difference between a banya and a sauna? The air in a banya is very, very humid, whereas a sauna is dry. A banya is also supplied with birch sticks, which you take turns hitting each other with.,On the weekend, I usually see skiers returning from the forest ― skiing and hiking are the primary pastimes in Irkutsk ― with branches they’ve collected for the banya. Finally, banyas are without exception clothes-less affairs. Nonetheless, Irkutsk residents wear swimsuits to saunas.,When I had told my American girlfriend by phone of the bachelor party plans, she remarked that her conception of a bachelor’s party did not involve a bunch of naked men beating each other with tree branches.,In any case, those planning this party decided to go to a sauna instead. Just that week my neighbor Tatiana had been telling me that many of the banyas in town have closed because of competition from saunas.,I’ve never been to a sauna at home in the United States, so I can’t say how they differ. We rented the entire suite of five rooms for three hours. The suite included a main room with tables, benches and couches, where all the drinking was done (beer is also a traditional part of a trip to the banya — or to anywhere else in Russia, for that matter).,There was the sauna itself — a hot wooden room — and another room with a swimming pool. The water was perhaps the greenest I have ever seen. Everyone swam. After enough time in a sauna, you’re ready to jump into anything, as long as it’s cool and wet. The last two rooms contained the shower and the bathroom.,Having the whole place to ourselves was great fun. I discovered why I always thought that Russians don’t swear. Russian males do not ever swear in front of Russian females. Left to themselves, though, they have a surprisingly broad vocabulary! Now I do as well.,Other than swearing, drinking beer, and sweating in the sauna, the crowd attempted to perfect their back flips in the swimming pool, had water fights, and fulfilled the traditional duty of trying to talk Sasha out of getting married. He, on the other hand, tried to talk everyone into getting married (not part of the tradition).,So far, so good. At 9 p.m., the party moved to my place. We set to work cooking pelmyeni (Russian dumplings), making sandwiches and reheating roasted chicken. The reason Russians can pack away so much vodka and beer at a party is that they put away an equally impressive amount of food. In fact, the Russian language even has words for food you eat with beer and a different phrase for food you eat with vodka.,All might have been without incident, had I remembered Rule #2.,Rule #2 Do not combine alcohol with fire,A Russian party is not a party without at least a few games. One guest, Nick, brought along a game he insisted we try. To try it at home (not recommended), what you need is a big bowl of water, several small bowls of rubbing alcohol and a lighter. Everyone sticks their fingers in the alcohol. Then one person lights their fingers on fire and touches the hand of the person next to him. As soon as that person is lit, the first can extinguish himself in the water.,I was still sober enough not to play. I photographed. It all went pretty well until somebody stuck their flaming hand into the alcohol instead of the water. Attempts to put out the resulting bonfire only spread it around the kitchen.,There are no photos of this. I was too busy watching my home go up in flames.,Luckily, the fire burned itself out, leaving behind as evidence only a few melted plastic plates and scorch-marks on my kitchen table.,Other than the fire — or maybe including the fire — the party was a typical Russian party. When I describe American parties, my Russian friends say: “You mean you just stand around and talk?”,Besides the sauna, the cooking, the eating, the drinking and the fire, this party also involved a lot of guitar playing and singing. Also, as is typical, it ran until around noon the next day. Somehow I had completely forgotten that parties here run through the next day (or two), and I had to wake up early to call and cancel my morning guitar lesson.,Right after the fire had burned out, my friends tried to reassure me that there was never any danger. Most of them are chemistry majors, they said, and had everything under control.,However, a week later I was chatting with one of them about the party, saying that I had enjoyed it all, except the part where I thought I was going to have to find a new place to live. He said, “Yah, we were all pretty scared.”,If You Go,Irkutsk, the capital of a vast, under-populated region, seems very remote on a map. However, when many of the Decembrists — a young, energetic elite group that participated in a failed uprising — were exiled from St. Petersburg two centuries ago, many made their way here, transforming a gritty frontier town into a center of culture. The town still retains a more sophisticated feel than other Siberian cities, making it a comfortable, friendly place to live. What makes Irkutsk unique is Lake Baikal, a few hours to the east, one of the world’s most beautiful and pristine landmarks.,Russian National Tourist Office
www.russia-travel.com,Love travel? Check our more of our fun travel articles here on GoWorldTravel.com , ,The Petronio Alvarez Music Festival celebrates the music and culture of Colombia’s Afro-Colombian Pacific region — and it’s a huge party!,This week should have seen the start of the 24th Annual Petronio Alvarez Music Festival in Colombia’s Pacific coastal town of Cali.  As it’s been postponed due to the pandemic, we wanted to take you back to last year’s festival and let you feast your eyes and imaginations on the sights and sounds of Latin America’s “most important Afro music festival.” This should get your toes tapping in anticipation of next year’s festival.,Colombia’s Caribbean Coast is defined by its laid-back beauty: from the elegant walled city of Cartagena de Indias – a UNESCO World Heritage Site, replete with cobblestone backstreets and colourful colonial buildings – to Tayrona National Park, where backpackers and tourists rub shoulders with local indigenous tribes. ,The jungle-fringed beaches stretch for hundreds of miles, flanked by the Sierra Nevada, the world’s highest coastal mountain range.,Travelling west, down along the Pacific coast, are Colombia’s true hidden gems: the villages hidden in the Cauca jungle further south – famous for their biodiversity and the locals’ inimitable zest for life.,Having heard other travellers’ stories of all-night parties, and the best Ceviche north of Lima, I slung on my rucksack and took the (£40, 24hr) bus from Cartagena to Cali, the region’s gritty economic hub and salsa capital of the world.,I wasn’t disappointed, as I ran into the little-known Festival de Música del Pacífico Petronio Álvarez, a free six-day celebration of African musical heritage, food and dance, which takes place every August – widely regarded as Latin America’s most important Afro music festival, though largely a secret outside Colombia.,Each day 100,000 people filled the streets around Cali’s enormous Coliseo del Pueblo.  It was an extraordinary almost-biblical spectacle. ,In the distance, the West Andes blocked out the sky.  Smoke from the hawker’s grills curled up into the air, and a swell of people nudged their way along the narrow streets towards the crowded coliseum. ,Most visitors to Cali stay in San Antonio, the oldest part of town, and ostensibly the hippest.  Unlike the city’s traffic-choked thoroughfares, the neighbourhood enjoys a village-like calm.  ,There’s no shortage of rooms to rent in San Antonio (starting from as little as £10 per night) and there are lots of chic little cafes where a good menu del día rarely costs more than £5 and fills you up for the day.,Afro-Latinas make up around 50% of Cali’s population: descendants of African slaves, shipped over by the Spanish hacienda owners to work the land. Colombia’s third-largest city, after Bogotá and Medellín, Cali has a developing economy and growing industrial sector, though widespread poverty remains, with unemployment around 20%.,This year almost a quarter of festival-goers came from abroad; a sign that the secret is finally out, and Petronio’s appeal is reaching a wider audience. ,Taking the “Mio” bus to get around Cali is recommended, as it has its own lane, avoiding the traffic.  You can buy a travel card, or single journey card, from any of the roadside stations.,Since the Colombian government’s 2016 peace accord with FARC, which ended half a century of violent conflict, the Pacific region has begun to prosper.  Tourists are starting to feel comfortable enough to visit.  The festival, in a sense, serves as a celebration of peace as well as music.         ,According to the Cali mayor’s office, this year’s festival generated over £1,000,000 for the local economy. ,Of the thousands of food, drink and handcraft stalls, the most popular were those selling ladies’ ancestral turbantes: elegant, pastoral-toned headscarves wound tightly around the ladies’ heads, tied off in a neat bun at the side.,One of the headdress designers, Nancy Lozano, told me that the turbans of the enslaved workers served a number of different functions: “To hide seeds for sewing later, to store small pieces of gold for trading, and also to hide the women’s beauty from the jealous wives of the slaveowners.”  ,The turbans also carry another significance.  If the bow is tied to the right it means the woman is spoken for.  To the left, she’s single.  And if it’s in the middle it’s said to represent a strong powerful woman.,Beyond a handful of churches and museums, Cali itself is low on sights.  But what it lacks in architecture it more than makes up for with the electrifying atmosphere of its nightlife. ,Out on the streets, there’s an interminable buzz of conversation.  Cold little glasses of Águila beer perspire in the humidity.  As the sun goes down, couples lean in closer with every sip, and the hush of their eyes becomes more amorous. ,Those surreptitious little love smiles contain something of pure magic – like the thing one feels sometimes in looking at a canvas or dreaming of a place you’d like to see, but never find.,As long queues formed outside the city’s glitzy Salsa clubs, a cool mountain breeze lightens the heat of the day. World-class salsa dancers were filing into the room but, on closer inspection, you could see they were young Caleño couples, wearing old trainers and jeans, chatting with a beer in one hand and their partner in the other, curling effortlessly around each other, gliding across the checkered tiles smiling, barely breaking a sweat.   ,Music in Cali is more than mere entertainment: it’s a unifying factor that ties the city together.  Petronio is perhaps the epitome of this communal spirit of celebration: it’s one huge party that spills out into the streets after the concerts finish each night, and continue at full pace until dawn.,Afro-Latino rhythms, endless bottles of viche, and a manner of dancing that’s so seductive, so frenetic, it would put even the salsa-pros to shame, were they not there joining in too.,Around midnight on the final night, the 100,000-strong crowd swayed as one, twirling 100,000 white handkerchiefs in the air to the melody of the marimba de palma chonta, passing around bottles of arrechón (bitter locally-brewed creamy sugarcane rum).,For almost two hours, headliners Herencia de Timbiquí thrilled the crowd with their unique blend of high-powered choral harmonies. ,Flowing beneath the symphonic flourishes of the Cali Philharmonic, the melodies of the chonta-wood marimba fell like warm southern rain.  It was all driven along by the pounding of the deer-hide cununus and seed-filled percussion of the guasá. ,Add the duelling electric guitars and an incendiary brass section and the result was a high-powered blend of rich Pacific rhythm, and it seemed like the whole city was dancing.,Over the course of the six days, it became obvious to me that Petronio was more than a music festival: it was a celebration of nature, tradition, place and history, and, perhaps above all, those sublimely intangible things that can only come from living in close conviviality with the land; which can be taught in no other way than through the interminable duet of song and silence; where music shows itself to us: the earth singing itself into existence.,This might just be the greatest “unknown” festival in the world, one that sweeps you up in its love-of-life atmosphere; the locals call it gozadera – I’m already booked in for another dose next year. , IF YOU GO,Flights from London Heathrow to Cali (via Bogotá) start at £600 rtn inc. taxes with Avianca ,U.K. citizens can visit Colombia on a tourist visa-on-arrival for up to 90 days,Hotel Americana,Carrera 4 8-73, Cali, (+57) 28823063 hotelamericana.com.co 3-star downtown hotel with continental breakfast.  Doubles begin at £17,Hotel Obelisco,Av. Colombia 49, Cali, (+57) 28933019, hotelobeliscocali.com 4-star downtown hotel with outdoor pool and buffet breakfast.  Doubles begin at £35,Four Points by Sheraton,Calle 18 Norte #4N – 08, Cali, (+57) 24866000, marriott.com 4-star downtown hotel with outdoor pool and buffet breakfast.  Doubles begin at £65,El Valencia Restaurante Español,Calle 3 10 35, San Antonio, Cali, (+57) 316 6210136,,restelvalenciacali.jimdo.com. Traditional Spanish cuisine (with 5 types of paella).  Starters around £2 – £8.,Charrua’s Parrilla fusion,Calle 18 #105-75, Cali, (+57) 2 3087951,,charruasparrillafusion.com. Family style steakhouse with gourmet standards (Uruguayan beef). Starters around £3 – £14.,Waunana Restaurant, Calle 4 # 9-23, San Antonio, Cali, (+57) 2 3450794,,waunana.com. Spectacular pairings of local ingredients and flawless presentation (try the 7-dish tasting menu). Starters around £4 – £15.,Informative Colombian tourist information site: colombia.travel,Travel advisories and information: gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/colombia ,Tin Tin Deo (tintindeocali.com) a Cali institution that’s regularly touted as the best place in town.,Zaperoco (zaperocobar.co) an old school salsa bar, small dance floor but a big reputation.,La Topa Tolondra (facebook.com/latopabar) a swinging venue with live bands, salsa classes and long queues after 11pm. ,Delirio (delirio.com.co) on the last Friday of the month, Cali’s answer to Cirque de Soleil, with hundreds of dancers, acrobats and musicians.,Festival Mundial de Salsa (festivalsalsacali.com) in September, a competition between around 5,000 young dancers from Colombia and worldwide.,Feria de Cal (feriadecali.com) 25-31 Dec, the biggest party of the year with live music and carnival-style parades across the city.,Petronio Alvarez (petronio.cali.gov.co) mid-August,Private classes start at around £10 per hour and are available from a variety of companies including Sondeluz dance academy (sondeluz.com), La Topa Tolondra (facebook.com/latopabar) and Sabor Manicero (salsa-classes-in.cali-colombia.co),Author Bio: Michael Molyneux is an English teacher from the UK, who lives in Spain and currently works in Qatar. His book Letters From A Young Poet is available from Amazon,Join the search through narrow streets for Vietnam’s weasel coffee. You may be surprised by the brewing process.,I usually avoid rodents or anything with a long tail and a furtive look. Yet, there I was cruising Hanoi’s Old Quarter, hot on the trail of a weasel. Or, to be more specific, his droppings.,In a country where items like snake blood and dog tails are occasional menu choices, ca phe chon, or weasel coffee, is in a class all its own.,Coffee growers feed coffee beans to weasels, and after the beans pass through the animal, they are collected, ground and brewed. The process gives the coffee a musky, smooth flavor.,Derisively dismissed by some Westerners as “rodent roast” or even “crappuccino,” the expensive brew is a winner in the upmarket cafes that are fast replacing Vietnam’s traditional streetside tea stalls.,Eager to experiment, I figured there was no better place to track down the traditional brew than among the narrow streets of Hanoi’s Old Quarter.,The area has been bustling since the 13th century, when Hanoi’s guilds established a commercial section near the Red River and Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi.,Each street begins with the word hang (merchandise), followed by the name of the item traditionally sold on that street. There is everything from Tin Street to Ghost Money Street to Coffin Street.,Some streets are former shells of themselves: Hang Vai (Bamboo Street) has only a few stacks of bamboo to distinguish itself, while other streets have created new identities in response to the changing needs of shoppers.,Hang Hanh, or Coffee Street, formerly called Onion Street, has undergone an aromatic transformation, becoming a favorite stop for those craving a jolt of caffeine.,Businessmen heading to work, backpackers consulting Lonely Planet guides and hip motorbiking locals all head to this narrow street where onion stalls have become coffeehouses.,As I made my way across Hang Gai (Silk Street), young women perched on Honda Dream motorbikes wove through traffic, their white silk ao dai tunics tucked safely beneath them, while bells clanged incessantly from rickshaws that veered past bicycles laden with live chickens.,Finally, I reached Coffee Street and, in the quiet narrow alley where almond trees spread their wide branches and the fragrance of sua blossoms brushed away the traffic fumes, I sat on a patio and imagined I’d been transported into Vietnam’s historic past, when colonialism reigned.,For over 50 years, Hanoi, the capital of French Indochina, shimmered as one of the jewels of the French colonial empire.,Thousands of French administrators, merchants and artists lived on Hanoi’s shaded streets, and traces of their legacy can still be felt in the faded colonial architecture and, of course, strong French coffee.,Today, women with conical hats still carry produce in baskets borne on shoulder poles past street vendors serving bowls of pho soup from boiling vats on the sidewalk.,And yet cell phones compete with roadside barbers for attention. This modern influence reflects the changes sweeping the country.,Trung Nguyen café capitalizes on the Vietnamese’s nostalgia for their romantic past. Since it opened in 1996, the country’s first franchise has expanded to more than 1,000 locations by marketing a chic Vietnamese identity.,It’s an image that combines the sensuous colonial past of French Indochina with traditional Vietnamese flavors, such as that of its signature blend, weasel coffee.,With expansion underway to Tokyo and overseas markets, this company hopes to redefine consumer tastes.,But the taste may be too unusual for some.,Earlier, Bao, the young desk clerk at my hotel, had looked shocked at my intended coffee plans, and disclosed that, historically, villagers followed the little carnivores, gathering their droppings by hand.,A far cry from the barista serving staff at Starbucks back home, I thought.,“The digestion and excretion process enhances the taste of the beans,” he explained.,He added that nowadays, the beans never see a rodent’s innards, and  instead go through a synthetic process that simulates the effects of a journey through the weasel’s digestive tract.,Or perhaps so proponents of the brew say, I  mused.,“Perhaps Madame might prefer a cappuccino?” Bao suggested helpfully, as I headed out.,Later, reflecting on Bao’s words as I scanned the menu at the cafe, I found doubts about the evacuation process tiptoeing through my mind.,“How do I know if it is authentic?” I asked the server, hoping for the synthetic non-droplet version. The server just shrugged.,Deciding that perhaps I didn’t really want a coffee after all, I settled for juice and a croissant.,I guess you could say that I weaseled out.,Dak-Linh Café, Hoan Kiem Lake. This outdoor café is nestled among the trees on the southwest shore of the lake.,The tables offer a view of badminton  matches, tai chi exercisers and, after nightfall, young Vietnamese couples whispering softly to each other over candlelight.,Trung Nguyen Café, 61 Pho Dinh Tien Hoang. Get your weasel coffee at Vietnam’s answer to Starbucks. Its flagship Hanoi location is beside Hoan Kiem Lake.,Among its nine “creative” varieties you can be guaranteed a taste of some of Vietnam’s best coffee.,Café Nhan, 23 Pho Bao Khanh. Situated on Hanoi’s main nightlife strip and popular with young Hanoians, Café Nhan offers quiet rooms for large groups, private nooks for courting couples and breezy balconies for people-watchers.,Au Lac, 57 Pho Ly Thai To. Located near the prestigious Sofitel Metropole hotel in the French quarter, Au Lac is the sort of place where guests can imagine themselves circa 1954 or as an extra in the film The Quiet American.,Win Hotel, 34 Hang Hanh. This mini-hotel right on Coffee Street can help you keep the caffeine buzz going night and day.,Rooms start at $20 a night, and include breakfast with a view of the street action and, of course, strong coffee. Reservations can be made directly, or through www.Vietnamstay.com.,Vietnam National Administration of Tourism,www.vietnamtourism.com, ,Travel through time with a trip to Fort Sumter by Charleston, South Carolina. See the battered battleground and learn more about American history.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,At 4:30PM on April 14th, 1861, after nearly 34 hours of concentrated bombardment from the surrounding Confederate batteries, Major Robert Anderson lowered the flag of the United States of America and he and his beleaguered Union command marched out of Fort Sumter to the tune of “Yankee Doodle Dandy” with their heads held high. Thus began 4 years of intra-familial horror.,Exactly four years later, Anderson stepped towards the flagstaff of the nearly unrecognizable fort where he and several survivors of that day raised the very same, bedraggled flag to the top of the 150-foot-tall flagstaff. As it unfurled and snapped to attention, the band played “The Star Spangled Banner”. ,Nearly 161 years later, as Park Ranger James Drass shared these facts with us under a warm mid-morning sun, 14 volunteers, including my wife Kathy, stood by holding the United States Flag while a Marine Corporal on-leave grasped the halyard.,At Ranger Drass’ signal, the corporal heaved on the line which lifted the flag upwards and out of the reverent hands of its guardians. ,As the flag reached its peak and was tied-off, Drass spoke passionately for several minutes as to what the flag meant and the significance of the continued unity of the States of America that those 4 hard-fought years had wrought.,“We are a diverse country. There is no doubt we will have differences. But despite those differences, we are all Americans. We should never forget this” It was a moving moment for all of us in attendance and not one that will soon be forgot.,We had started our visit earlier that morning at the Fort Sumter Visitor Education Center at Liberty Square along the waterfront of Charleston, S.C. ,Fort Sumter sits on a 2 1/2-acre island in Charleston Harbor and is only accessible by boat. We had decided to walk to the Square that morning. Misjudging the length of our walk, we hurried the last several yards in order to catch the first ferry of the day.,Our water-borne transference this day was the Spirit of the Lowcountry, a modern interpretation of an early side-wheeler. Its 3-decks of understated charm were our time-machine to a much earlier time.,We settled into chairs on the upper deck which provided a great vantage point to see Charleston by water. The views from the boat are beautiful. The trip itself takes about 30-45 minutes.,As we sailed The Charleston Harbor, we neared Shutes Folly, a small island which is home to the little-known Castle Pinckney, a deteriorating 19th century fortification. We also sailed passed Patriot’s Point, home to the USS Yorktown, one of 24 Essex-class aircraft carriers built during World War II. ,As we continued along, a volunteer provided running narration about the harbor, the sights and, especially, Fort Sumter.  He went into more detail about its role in the Civil War and how the war affected Charleston.  ,By 1861, Fort Sumter was a looming presence that consisted of an unfinished five-sided stone masonry fort with 55-foot tall walls. Two tiers of gunrooms lined four of the fort’s walls. Officers’ quarters, three barracks buildings and a parade ground completed the grand structure.,As tensions between North and South escalated in December 1860 with the secession of the state of South Carolina, Major Anderson and his 85 troops occupied the unfinished fort. At that time, only 60 out of the planned 135 cannon were mounted and in place. ,On the morning of April 12, 1861, tensions finally reached the breaking point. At about 4:30 a.m., a mortar shot arced into the air and exploded over the fort as other Confederate batteries joined in and opened fire on Fort Sumter. After facing a severe bombardment, the Union-held fort surrendered the following day. ,Upon capture, Ft. Sumter was the South’s symbol of defiance and had to be defended at all costs. It was a symbol of secession for the North, and had to be taken at whatever the cost.,Over the next 4 years, the union made several assaults and fired nearly 50,000 projectiles at the fort. Confederates held Fort Sumter until February 1865, only weeks before the surrender of General Lee’s Army of Northern Virginia on April 9, 1865.,As our boat docked at the wharf, I was surprised at what we encountered. Although the aged masonry-and-brick walls are still there, the exterior of the fort retains little of its appearance in 1861. When I asked the ranger about this, he stated that Union artillery had effectively reduced it to a standing pile of rubble.,The damage wrought and the simplistic Confederate repairs to Fort Sumter had transformed the former three-tiered brick-and-masonry monolith into a barely recognizable shell of its former self. ,Today, a red band around the flagpole several dozen feet above our heads marks the height of the walls before the Civil War began.,Inside the walls, several huge, black cast-iron cannon are on display throughout the grounds and in the cavernous casements (gunrooms). One, a 15-inch Rodman cannon with its oddly bottle-shaped appearance, weighs in at over 50,000 lbs. and could toss a 400 pound shot over 2.8 miles.,Nearby, the unrepaired brick ruins show the devastation inflicted during the course of the war. A rusted artillery shell lay embedded in one of the damaged walls. It is one of at least 4 shells that remain impacted in the brick.,The interior parade ground has changed dramatically. Battery Huger, a large black and unsightly concrete structure, was added in 1899 during the Spanish-American War.,Designed to protect Charleston Harbor from naval surface attack, it mounted two breech-loading guns, which fired 1,000 pound shells. Today, it’s ugly distracting, dark presence houses restrooms and a small, but informative museum.  ,Today, viewing the serene surroundings, it’s difficult to imagine what the occupants, of both sides, must have endured during the course of the 4 years of the steady destruction by shot and shell. ,I stood atop of the grassy mound of earth that effectively covers a portion of the ruins, and gazed across the harbor towards Charleston and wondered of its inhabitants as they stood on rooftops some 161 years ago and cheered as shells plunged into the citadel.,Believing, as they did, that the war would be short-lived, I wondered if they ever considered the eventual outcome— and its consequences? ,That same thought occurred to me as we slowly returned across the harbor past the forlorn looking Castle Pickney. It’s was long ago reclaimed by nature as trees, brush and vines enveloped the walls.,A roost for scores of Pelican’s and abandoned by both state and federal authorities, a lone flag pole stood upon it with its Stars and Bars, a flag of the Confederacy, hanging desolately over the grounds.  ,Abraham Lincoln said, “The last ray of hope for preserving the Union peaceably expired at the assault upon Fort Sumter…” Today, the broken ramparts of Fort Sumter stand both as the genesis of our greatest national conflict and of the nation’s great resilience. ,Admire the architectural beauty and feel the energy of samurai at the castles in Japan. Here is a guide of the symbolism and history of Japanese-style castles, such as Himeji-jo Castle, for your trip.,To some, Mount Fuji is the symbol of Japan. Others may see the symbol of Japan as typical professions such as sumo wrestlers, geisha girls, samurai and ninja.,Japanese-style castles may also be thought of as the symbol – in particular Himeji-jo Castle in Hyogo prefecture, which is part of the Kansai region (including Osaka and Kyoto). It is one of 12 castles in Japan having original castle towers and the only castle designated as a World Cultural Heritage Site.,At the castle, you can admire the architectural beauty and can feel the life of samurai and the local lord in medieval times and the early modern period. Remember to make a tour from Osaka and Kyoto to Hyogo (Himeji) when you travel around the Kansai region.,The history of Japanese castles is complex. From ditch-enclosed settlements in the Yayoi era (the 8th century B.C. to 3rd century) to Himeji-jo Castle completed in the 17th century, lots of lords of the time had created their own castles.,The castle towers or main buildings as the command and control center (they became a symbol later) appeared in 1550, according to written accounts.,At the peak from the 14th to 16th century, 30,000-40,000 castles existed throughout Japan. They dramatically decreased to a few thousand because Nobunaga Oda, a powerful military commander, ordered them to be destroyed.,His successors, such as Hideyoshi Toyotomi and Ieyasu Tokugawa, who were generalissimos in that time, had kept destroying castles to dominate the whole country.  ,In 1873 after the restoration of Imperial power in 1868, the new government also demolished many castles to obliterate a sign of the previous era. The number of castles having towers, called tenshu or tenshukaku, further decreased. Before WWII, they had been dwindling; and after the bombing strike of the war, seven castles were war-torn.,Also, one was burned down by an accidental fire, until finally, only these 12 castles having original castle towers remain: Hirosaki-jo castle in Aomori, Matsumoto-jo castle in Nagano, Inuyama-jo castle in Aichi, Maruoka-jo castle in Fuki, Hikone-jo castle in Shiga, Matsue-jo castle in Shimane, Bichumatuyama-jo castle in Okayama, Marugame-jo castle in Kagawa, Kuchi-jo castle in Kouchi, Matsuyama-jo and Uwajima-jo castle in Ehime, and Himeji-jo castle in Hyogo.,Only the 12 castle towers mentioned above have escaped any assaults or fires. But it is the tenshukaku of Himeji-jo Castle that wins the highest admiration due to the beautiful architectural design. The tower of the World Heritage Site looks like it has five stories at first glance, but actually, it has six stories inside and the first basement level.,The stone wall structure is 14.65 meters (about 48 feet) and the 31.5 meters (about 103 feet) castle tower sits on it. Two huge main pillars hold the building, which has stood for more than 400 years.,When you come to the Kansai region, spend a few days and take the time to visit the Himeji-jo Castle. Leave time in your schedule to wait for fair skies. All of the castle walls are white cement plaster and, in the sunshine, the castle shines.,Just after arriving at JR Himeji Station, the station closest to the castle, you can get a magnificent view of the castle through the tall modern buildings. The castle may look like its shining because the sunlight reflects from the white walls. Thus, the castle has the nickname White Heron.,Visitors need two to three hours to walk around the entire site. The high spot of the castle is undoubtedly the lookout on the top, called tenshukaku. Each step to the lookout is also adventurous.,Himeji-jo Castle remarkably has a small shrine on the top floor and it is widely known to enshrine Princess Osakabe, a female specter. The castle is also known as the birthplace of Oiwa-san, another female specter.,The castle lord of the time had a concubine Oiwa-san and he sent her as a spy to his aide who tried to kill him with poison. The aide, however, discovered Oiwa-san’s wile and he decided to kill her. He needed some reason and wrongly accused her of losing one of his precious dish plates.,He cut her body with his sword and threw her body parts into a well on the site of the Himeji-jo Castle. After the savage killing, many people began hearing a voice from the well of a woman counting dish plates. The well still exists on the property of the Himeji-jo Castle.,Himeji-jo Castle is in Himeji city, Hyogo prefecture. The capital of Hyogo is Kobe, and Kobe is on the eastern side of the prefecture. Himeji city is on the western side.,You can access JR Himeji Station by trains including the bullet train from JR Shin-Osaka Station. From Kyoto, it’s about a 1½-hour local train ride to Himeji. From Osaka via Kobe (Sannomiya Station), a 1 hour 10-minute local train ride takes you to Himeji. Both cost about 1,500 to 2,500 yen ($15 to $25) one way. From the North gate of the station, it’s about a 15-minute walk to the castle.,The World Heritage Castle at Himeji Castle is also known as a cherry blossom viewing site in the spring. ,Do you love reading about different cultures? Then you must check out this article on Beads of Time ,Author Bio: Masayoshi Sakamoto（坂本正敬）is a Japanese writer and translator based in Toyama, Japan. He writes news and columns for several publications and web magazines. He’s also preparing to be the editor-in-chief of a new regional online magazine, Hokuroku.,In Parada and Lindoso, Portugal, time moves a little slower. Experience rural traditions and small village life in this slice of authentic Portugal.,The instruction is to “Enter the village ONLY TO THE FOOD COFFEE IN PARADA-BEAUTIFUL”. We have no idea what that means.,We’re heading for Lindoso, in the Peneda-Gerês National Park in Portugal’s far north. In these parts, accommodation is limited to “local lodgings” offered by enterprising villagers.,Our host, Adèrito, speaks not a word of English – about on par with our knowledge of Portuguese – so we’ve been communicating via Google-translated e-mail. Evidently not ideal.,An hour north of Porto we turn right and leave the coast behind. Another hour and just as we begin to wonder whether we’ve come too far, a “Welcome to Spain” sign confirms it.,Frustrated, we turn the car around and trek back along the way we’ve come, searching for somewhere serving FOOD COFFEE. Eventually, we spot Café Mó. Though it looks deserted, we stop the car and wander over. Around a corner, we find a couple of men sitting in the shade drinking beers.,“Hello. We’re looking for Adèrito.”,Our host had suggested if we got lost to simply ask someone, which might have worked had we spoken Portuguese. It’s clear from the blank looks on these men’s faces that a different approach is required.,I pull out my phone and show them Adèrito’s name. The penny drops and an animated discussion begins. It seems each man has a different view as to our hosts’ likely whereabouts.,As one man gestured toward a group of houses tucked into the hillside across the road, the other grabbed his phone out from a pocket of his overalls and starts dialing. Meanwhile, the owner of the establishment appears, drying her hands on an apron and adding her opinion as to where our host might be.,The man with the phone raises a hand. There’s a pause as we all wait for Adèrito to answer. He doesn’t.,The discussion continues until the woman turns to us. “Don’t worry,” she says, “he’ll go find Adèrito.” Or words to that effect. The younger man jumps on a motorbike, helmet slung over one arm, speeds off across the road and disappears up a narrow lane in a cloud of dust. Again, we wait.,Before long we hear the sound of the bike’s return. Our rescue rider skids around the corner at the top of the lane then slides sideways to a halt and motions for us to follow him. We hesitate. The others urge us on.,“You go. Follow him.”,“Really? Up there?”,“Yes. You go.”,We jump in the car and follow the bike up into the rural village. After a short trip that includes a few heart-stopping moments and a couple of near-sideswipe experiences, we arrive at Casa dos Pintos. And there is Adèrito, with a big smile, ushering us out of the car and into space under the house.,“Come, come,” he calls. We get the gist without having to resort to Google translate. “This is for you.”,Our host passes each of us a small soup bowl filled with red wine. It is a “welcome” drink, Adèrito’s own vintage, poured straight from the vat, made from the fruit of the vines growing right outside.,The wine is good – at least the equal of any of the good house wines we’ve been drinking by the liter on our travels through rural Portugal. It turns out we’re in the village of rural Parada. It’s close to Lindoso, which we later learn means “beautiful” in English. And Café Mó does serve very good food and coffee.,All of which adds up to make the instruction, “Enter the village ONLY TO THE FOOD COFFEE IN PARADA-BEAUTIFUL,” very clear indeed. Why didn’t we get that the first time?,Both Parada and Lindoso are in Portugal’s Alto Minho region, inside the national park. Parada is a collection of around 50 houses – traditional stone buildings topped with red terracotta tiles – set into the hillside. But this is no ordered collection; it’s a jumble of shapes and sizes crammed into submission as the community grew.,A winding, narrow lane passes through the village. Scarcely wide enough for a vehicle, the lane is as much stock route as a street. Each morning villagers walk their few head of sheep or cattle along the lane to pastures on the edge of town.,The farmers’ quiet whistles and the clack of hooves on stone announce they are coming. There’s a rhythm to life in rural Parada.,Centuries-old traditions have changed little; well-tended gardens produce vegetables according to the season, the communal wash house – built in 1904 – is still in use, and you might even spot a team of oxen hauling an old wooden cart.,Religion remains an important part of life here; the Portuguese-born St. Anthony is revered and his image hangs above the entrance to many houses in the village.,There are no shops in Parada – apart from Café Mó. If you arrive without supplies, it’s the only place to eat. Café Mó also serves as a kind of community hub where locals gather to share a meal and catch up with friends.,Most evenings the place is full to overflowing. People call greetings across the room, groups of men play cards and drink the local Vinho Verde, and parents swap news as their children race between tables. It feels like a party and newcomers are welcomed.,The menu at Café Mó is simple – meat or fish. Either choice is preceded by plates of delicious cured meats, olives, olive oil and bread.,The meat course is the traditional Portuguese dish Bife com Ovo a Cavalo – literally eggs riding atop grilled steak. It arrives with rice, beans, fried potatoes, salad and melted cheese. Suffice to say no one leaves Café Mó hungry.,We’ve come to the Alto Minho region in search of 18th and 19th century stone granaries – espigueiros. The small, raised structures were used for drying and storing maize.,Low stone columns, capped to deter rodents, support a rectangular slab of granite. Above the slab, vertical walls of timber or stone include narrow gaps to facilitate airflow.,Pitched stone roofs were often topped with a cross – a silent prayer for the protection of the grain. The groups of communal granaries look, at first glance, like cemeteries of mini-mausoleums.,Lindoso has the largest collection of granaries, though they can be found in most of the local villages. Many have been restored and some are still used for drying and storing grain.,Some 500 years before the first granaries appeared in Lindoso, a military fortress existed on the high ground above the rural village. Close to the Spanish border, Castelo do Lindoso has always been strategically important to the Portuguese.,The castle’s 17th-century walls and watchtowers are still in place, and there’s a small exhibition providing information about the castle’s history and the surrounding national park.,The Peneda-Gerês National Park is named for two of the mountain ranges included in its 72,000 hectares (about 178,000 acres). Designated only in 1971, the park’s charter is to balance the conservation of natural resources with access for those who want to enjoy them.,Here you’ll find forests of cypress and oak, cascading waterfalls, clear rock pools, and rivers flowing into large reservoirs. If you’re feeling energetic there’s plenty to do – hiking, biking, paddling and swimming are popular activities.,If not, the option of immersing yourself in the living history of local villages is definitely a good alternative.,Parada is about a 1½-hour  drive northeast of Porto. It is possible to get there via a series of connecting buses, but once you’re in the national park you’ll want your own vehicle, so driving is a better option. And remember to bring cash – you’ll need it; in this part of rural Portugal, the nearest ATM is in Spain.,Contact Adèrito – http://casadocharco.com/web/index.php/contactos,Other accommodation – http://www.turismodealdeia.com/EN/index.php,Visit Castelo do Lindoso – https://www.visitportugal.com/en/NR/exeres/28AEAB9D-3186-43B4-83A8-5071989800C5,Peneda-Gerês National Park – https://www.visitportugal.com/en/node/73747,Find flights, ground transportation discounts and hotel options with CheapOair. They have the trusted flight deals to make your trip easy at an affordable price. Plan your flight to Portugal and more here.,Author’s Bio: Gayle Neighbour lives mostly in Brisbane, Australia, and elsewhere as often as possible. She writes and travels for pleasure, seeking out new destinations and cultures. She believes that the journey is the goal, and people always make the difference.,The 36-square-mile island of Yap in Micronesia is known for maintaining its traditions and tropical beauty as the daily way of life. Their yearly festivals are well worth the trip.,Burning Man. Mardi Gras. SXSW. They’re on every bucket list of not-to-be-missed festivals. But do the crowds make you think twice about going? If you love festivals, but hate making your way through crowds of tourists, head to the remote island of Yap in the western Pacific Ocean where the tourists are minimal and the welcome is maximal.,One of four states in the Federated States of Micronesia, this 36-square-mile island is known for maintaining its traditions and tropical beauty as the daily way of life.,Known as the Land of Stone Money due to the massive discs of stone currency that have been used for centuries as legal tender and are still in use today, three annual festivals take place throughout the year when the culture is celebrated by and for local residents.,On March 1st, Yap Day starts the year off when two days of festivities are set aside to celebrate the unique Yapese culture. Yap Day officially begins with the blowing of the conch shell and a Stone Money ceremony.,During the third weekend of June, Homecoming Summer Festival brings friends and families together to celebrate the beginning of summer at the Living History Museum in Colonia, the only town on the island.,In early December when the trade winds are most reliable, the Yap Traditional Navigation Society and its respected Master Navigators host the Canoe Festival.,The island’s navigation history and the art of celestial navigation are on display with a parade of hand-carved sailing canoes and canoe races. Demonstrations include bamboo raft making, weaving of traditional canoe sails and the making of coconut husk rope.,Famous throughout the Pacific for the traditional dances that tell stories about the island, its history and people, each festival features dance competitions between villages. A marketplace offers local food and handicrafts.,During their stay, visitors also enjoy diving among the resident population of manta rays and other sea life in the surrounding protected reef, exploring historical World War II memorials erected throughout the island, hiking the centuries-old stone paths that connect the villages, and identifying the flora and fauna that are found nowhere else in the world.,There are only two flights a week to Yap on United from Guam and one flight from neighboring Palau. Accommodations range from economy hotels, an eco-lodge and a small, historic inn to resorts. But with fewer than 180 rooms on the entire island, it’s best to book early especially during festivals.,No visas are required. Despite the use of Stone Money for local trade, the U.S. dollar is the common currency and English is the common language.  For more information, visit www.visityap.com.,Author Bio: Joyce McClure is a freelance writer, photographer and marketing consultant who moved to Yap from New York City in August 2016 as a Peace Corps Response Volunteer. At the end of her service, she decided to remain in Yap to continue working with community organizations.,Split, Croatia is booming, both for residents and for travelers. This vibrant city builds on its unique history to create a popular modern destination.,Split today is booming.  Benetton, Espirit and McDonald’s met our eyes as my husband Kent and I navigated the Old City.,Classes were over and students were streaming out of the University with backpacks and jeans. New businesses were being started; construction cranes stood side by side with Roman ruins.,Not all citizens were happy about the changes, however. “Ghastly,” said one local to me.,Our first order of business was to locate our hotel, the Peristil. It is literally tucked in amongst the ruins; half of it was built (in 2005) right out of the seventeen-hundred-year-old Diocletian Palace.,One wall of our hotel room was part of the original Palace. The Peristil’s owner, Mile, had lived briefly in Chicago and had come back to take part in the new Croatia. ,The hotel has twelve rooms and its location put us into the center of it all. Alas, like many of these ancient structures, there are no elevators. No matter, the staff was more than happy to carry our luggage.,Today’s residents live in the quarters where Diocletian’s soldiers once lived. There are some 220 buildings within the palace walls that are home to about 3,000 people.,In Diocletian’s time, it had some sixty thousand inhabitants. UNESCO has declared the entire section of the city enclosed by the old palace walls, a World Heritage Site.,The Palace Underground Tour was getting underway as we stepped out of the Peristil.,The Roman Emperor Diocletian had added a subterranean floor, or podrum, where the cooking, wine making and palace fix-it shop were all located.,The ventilation system was elaborate for its time. A needed commodity because he used this area to deposit garbage, some of which remains to this day in pulverized form.,Three thousand people had lived and worked within its four walls. Pieces of the Emperor’s original wine-making apparatus are still in place.,It was worth the $3 for the very thorough guided tour.,We ventured out to the Riva (Split’s seaside promenade) on our first night for a close-up view of the harbor.,The light, bouncing off the walls of the Diocletian Palace, was reflected in the water. Chestnuts were cracking on the open-air flame.,The vendor paused long enough to see if we looked like prospective customers before resuming his activity.,After navigating another maze, we came upon the Peristyle Square, where the Split Music Festival is held every July and August.,Split was made for wandering down narrow alleys. Sometimes stray cats and pigeons were our only company. We sat and sipped coffee (more Turkish than American) at the Peristyle’s Luxor Café.,In front of us reposed a 3,500-year-old black granite Egyptian sphinx. Alas, another item Diocletian had his slaves pilfer from afar. Other than a nose slightly bashed in and a crack in the backside, it’s in good shape.,Across the Square is St Domnius’ Cathedral. Diocletian originally had it built as a mausoleum for himself. He spent 170 years of eternity there before someone stole his remains.,To this day, they have never been found. It is ironic justice that the Christians he murdered during his reign (284 – 305 A. D.) are buried there instead.,The twenty-eight carved wooden panels by the 13th century artist, Andrija Buvina, showing the life of Jesus, from the Annunciation to the Ascension, is worth the price of admission alone. (10 kuna, or $2.) ,For an additional dollar, climb the Bell Tower for a panoramic view.,Three centuries after his death, nearby residents (fleeing more invaders) locked themselves behind the palace walls.,The Cathedral and Diocletian’s Palace, with its narrow lanes and broad squares, has been home to Split’s citizens ever since.,There had been more than a little murder and mayhem during Diocletian’s reign. The man who took my 10 kuna ($2) entrance fee enjoyed talking about his city’s unsavory early resident. “Evil and ruthless” are words that come to mind.,We discovered a superb area of stalls selling mostly hand-made items such as jewelry, candles, paintings, and embroidered goods just off the Riva entrance to the Palace. This is a must for anyone interested in native crafts.,Election billboards, very much like in America, lined the highways. I pointed this out. Isn’t this a good thing? Most Croats of the older generation have long memories. “It’s just Communists reinventing themselves,” they grunted.,Kanoba signifies a Croatian restaurant featuring local food and recipes. It’s where the locals go. Grilled fish (riba) and a Croatian sausage, (cevapcici) quickly became my favorites.,Dalmatian prosciutto (prsut) and sharp cheese known as pasky sir were served as appetizers. The local red wine, plavac mali, is superb.,Food is not inexpensive due to the rise of the Croatian economy and the decline of the dollar. Another restaurant worth trying is the Tifani, again built into the Diocletian Palace.,Every restaurant has a sign stating: Book of Complaints at the main desk.,The island of Vis has been the history of my family, the Zitkos. We boarded the Jadrolinija ferry on the Riva, for the two-hour ride to Vis.,Our ferry, with three restaurants and two coffee bars, looked more like cruise ship than a ferry.,Tito had declared Vis off-limits and situated his army there until 1989.  You can still see remnants of barbed wire fences.,The road (we rented a car) between Vis town and Komiza is covered with wild rosemary. You can not help but get out…just to breathe the air.,How to get there:  We flew to Frankfurt, then to Split on Air Croatia. We found Air Croatia to be terrific.,Where to stay:  Hotel Peristel, Polijana Kraljice Jelene 5   $150 double. If you stay 3           nights or more, you can choose: 10% off your bill, or nightly dinner. Roof terrace in the summer months.,Where to eat:  Konoba Varos, Ban Mladenova 7  Entrees around $15.
Tifani (part of the Peristil Hotel) Poljana Kraljice Jelene 5 Entrees $10 to $30
Poseidian, just off, the Peristyle   Cozy. Only four tables. Owner brings out fish for presentation before he cooks it.,Shopping:  Don’t overlook the daily market place alongside the Palace.,Language: English is widely spoken.,Note: Finding these places can be tricky. Start with the Riva entrance to the Palace. Walk through the tunnel and up the stairs to the Peristyle Square. Everything is no more than a minute’s walk away. The entire Diocletian Palace, shops, hotels, and restaurants is a pedestrian zone.,[mappress mapid=”975″], ,Discover the grandiose architecture of these three cities and the charms that distinguish them.,They say that the three Imperial capitals of Budapest, Prague and Vienna are like three sisters joined in birth, but separated by history. Veronika and I live in Prague, we’ve been to Vienna, and we wanted to see Budapest to test the theory. We took a five-day trip to the Hungarian capital to find out just what it’s like.,From Prague it was easy to jump on the Pannonia express train, which runs overnight to Budapest. The trip was comfortable, the sleep easy, and the ride much more pleasant than a trip to the airport and fussing around with planes. We arrived in the early morning on a beautiful spring day and walked through the city. Breakfast was a fresh-baked croissant from a curb-side bakery.,Budapest was historically two cities: Buda in the west and Pest in the east, and they came together in 1873. We settled into our accommodation, the Boulevard City Pension, on the eighth floor of a newer apartment block, just south of the heart of east-side Pest. From our room we could see the fortress Citadella atop Gellért Hill and catch a glimpse of the Duna, the Danube, rolling by.,In brilliant sunshine, we walked through the commercial center of Pest, around Deak Ter (the unremarkable main square) and across the Széchenyi Lánchíd (Chain Bridge), with its stone lions and wrought-iron lamps.,At the summit of Castle Hill, which dominates the Buda side of the Duna, we sat in the Halászbástya (Fisherman’s Bastion) and drank in the view over the twin cities.,The air was biting, but the sun was bright and, across the river, the white spires of the Parliament building gleamed. Strolling off the back of the hill brought us to the transport hub at Moskva Ter (Moscow Square), where we grabbed a tram bound for Margaret Island.,The island is a pleasant park, with statues and ruins cloaked by shady trees. We strolled through the 13th century ruins of a Franciscan church and a Dominican convent, and along the river where a coxswain in a scull bawled instructions at his rowers.,From the northern end of the island we caught the No. 1 tram, looping east through the suburbs to the south of Pest, the river and our pension. That night we dined at Pascal Restaurant & Cafe, which served excellent, but mouth-puckeringly salty food.,I had a traditional Hungarian dish of pork in a mustard sauce with bacon, and Veronika had chicken with Parmesan mashed potatoes, but both dishes were so salty that we still wince at the memory. Eastern Europe has yet to embrace the low-sodium diet of the West, and you may often find the food more salty than you are used to.,We started the next day with a visit to the Széchenyi Thermal Baths. Budapest has long been known for its baths, and people still come to “take the waters” here. The Széchenyi is a good choice because it is in the open air and, if you can brave the chilly spring air, you can settle back in the 100° F (38° C) water and enjoy the sensation of steam rising from your head.,We also dropped into St. Stephen’s Basilica, a 20th century cathedral with magnificent stained glass and the Szent Jobb (Holy Right Hand) relic, the mummified hand of the eponymous St. Stephen. The Orszaghaz (House of Parliament), a neo-Gothic building with a handsome interior of tiered arches dripping with gold leaf, are also worth a visit.,On our last morning we paid a visit to the Magyar Nemzeti Múzeum (Hungarian National Museum), which offers a look at the span of Hungarian history. The World War II and Soviet-era displays were better than the older stuff, which was a little thin. A collection of carved stones, from Roman through Medieval times, was among the highlights for me.,In the afternoon we browsed the Nagy Vásárcsarnok (Central Market), searching for csabai — an air-cured Hungarian salami — for a sausage connoisseur friend. The 19th century market, which was restored in 1994, is a vast wrought-iron building stuffed with food stalls (on the ground floor) and clothes and souvenirs (on the mezzanine).,Csabai was easy to find. Selecting a vendor was a more daunting task. Every second store was a butcher’s shop, festooned with salami, bacon, sides of ham, plucked chickens and smoked meats. We selected a stall, sampled some salami and bought two, one for our friend and one just for us.,That night we caught the sleeper back to Prague, arriving home on a misty morning.,So how does Budapest compare with her maidenly sisters?,All three feature grandiose architecture from the days of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Triumphal arches, bridges, castles, churches and grand  palaces adorn their high places, and you’ll encounter numerous statues of dukes, kings and saints while strolling the streets.,Prague is, in my humble opinion, the prettiest of the lot. The old town is compact, well-preserved and still charming. The parks of Petrin and Letna provide a relaxing counterpoint to the bustle of the Old Town, and from either you get grand views of the whole city. The Vltava, while  modest in comparison to the Danube, is lively and on more of a human scale. However, Prague doesn’t have the grand boulevards of Vienna  and Budapest, and the narrow streets can seem claustrophobic.,In contrast, Budapest’s sense of spaciousness derives from the broad banks of the Danube, but the city has squandered this advantage by lining  both banks with motorways. Its historic buildings are more spread out than Prague, diluted among the rest of the city. It does have the best  open space and the best choice of parks, however. It also has the finest set of viewpoints, with the towering Gellért Hill and the smaller Castle  Hill.,Vienna seems more businesslike, more Western, and in an indefinable way, more Austrian. The streets seem more formal, the culture more restrained, the people more refined. The city center is bulky and dominated by heavy modern buildings that obscure Vienna’s historic landmarks. Vienna also lacks the positive influence of a river; the Danube here is too separated from the center to contribute much to city life.,New residential and commercial developments are shooting up across Prague and Budapest as their economies heat up. Heavily developed Vienna could be a vision of what Prague and Budapest will become in 20 years; one can only hope local authorities will preserve their historic buildings.,The people of each town are an interesting study. The Czechs, in my experience, are a dour lot. In public, smiles rarely, if ever, grace their faces, and cheerful conversation with tourists is non-existent. The Viennese are welcoming and well spoken, but sometimes I get the faintest whiff of condescension. The Hungarians, however, are positive, open and friendly. They look forward to meeting people and happily pass the time chatting with me.,If you have time, you should try to see all three of the Imperial cities. If you have time to visit only one of the three, you will at least get a taste of what the other sisters have to offer.,Vienna is the big sister — a refined, modern European grand dame. Prague, the middle sister, is a beautiful and stately matron with subtle charms. And Budapest is the vivacious youngster, an up-and-coming belle of the European Union.,Enjoy them all.,If You Go,Tourism Office of Budapest,www.budapestinfo,Vienna Tourism Office,www.info.wien.at,The Czech Republic,www.czechtourism.com,I’ve lived in all three cities, and for me, Budapest is by far the winner, even though Prague has its charms and Vienna has its stern calm soul… I can’t find another article I saw comparing the three, and this one is for Budapest vs. UK, but it also applies to it’s sister cities!,http://budapest.thinkexpats.com/places/uniquely-hungarian/96-five-of-many-reasons-why-budapest-is-better-than-the-uk.html,When nudity is involved, play it safe. And don’t lose the “soap,” or you may go without treatment.,Delving into Turkish culture, I decided to visit a hammam, a bathhouse, in Istanbul, and chose  one of the more upmarket establishments. I’m always up for adventure, but when nudity is involved, I prefer to play it safe. Off I went to ‘Cemberlitas Hamami’, near the Grand Bazaar in Sultanahmet,  to experience a Turkish bath.,After choosing a body wash and scrub from the menu of services, I bid my boyfriend goodbye and set off into the female only section, armed with a scrubbing mitt, a small rectangular bar of soap, and a locker key. Once inside the locker room, I self-consciously undressed, leaving on my bikini bottoms.,The attendant gave me a “peptemal,” similar to an oversized tea towel. I wrapped myself in it, and proceeded nervously into the mysterious realm of the hammam, unsure of what I would encounter behind the heavy wooden doors.,I was greeted by a moist waft of steam, and when the door closed behind me, I was immediately struck by the beauty of the appropriately named “hot room.” Light streamed in from numerous tiny round skylights in the high domed ceiling, bathing the marble interior in a warm glow.,In the middle of the room lay an enormous round, flat stone, around the perimeter of which visitors were being washed and scrubbed within an inch of their lives. Women appeared to be “baking” on the stone’s center. Around the outer edge of the round room, bathing areas featured  marble basins containing warm, clear water.,Having absolutely no understanding of hammam protocol and suddenly feeling very self-conscious, I headed to one of the marble basins to wash myself. To my amused embarrassment, as I tried to lather up, I realized my little yellow bar of soap wasn’t soap at all, but a plastic token!,Looking around, most of the women held the same token, only in different colors. Later I realized yellow was for a body scrub, and red for a scrub and massage.,Feeling a bit silly, I approached one of the women who had just finished scrubbing someone senseless, and showed my token. She abruptly motioned toward the center of the stone, so I gingerly climbed on, carefully avoiding the other bodies.,Surely this was meant to be relaxing, I thought, lying back with my towel still wrapped firmly around me. The warmth from the heated stone began to spread through me, and the soft rays of light sneaking through shapes in the domed ceiling filled me with a sense of calm.,Not for long! The hammam, is a busy, noisy place. A mother tried to calm her shrieking baby boy while her young daughter was being scrubbed. Naked women sat on a marble step, chatting, while they waited for their friends. I began to feel very self-conscious, not of my nakedness but of my modesty — I was one of the only women wearing bikini bottoms.,Everyone else seemed unconcerned, free and liberated. Bodies of all different shapes and sizes splayed out and bounced around under the scrubber’s mitt.,Then it was my turn. I moved to the outside, lay on my towel facing upwards, and handed over my mitt and token. The attendant produced a piece of gauze that she expertly dunked into the water and then filled with air, pumping it over my body and covering me in millions of soapy suds.,Bracing myself for the scrub, I was pleasantly surprised by the firm but gentle exfoliation. I was then flipped over like a breakfast sausage and the ritual was repeated. I wondered how many of these the attendant performed in an average day.,Next, I was shepherded to a basin, where I sat on a marble step and was doused in warm water, removing my protective bubble and returning me to my birthday suit. My hair was shampooed before the attendant left me to my own devices for a final rinse.,Squeaky clean, I made my way to the next room, where women waited for massages, wrapped in fluffy towels. As I didn’t opt for a massage, my hammam experience had come to an end.,After drying off and dressing, I entered into the balmy Istanbul night feeling a little bemused, a little relaxed and very, very, clean.,If You Go,Celmberlitas Hamami,www.cemberlitashamami.com,This is Sarah Chamberlain’s first article to appear in Go World Travel Magazine.,turks don’t use bathhouses any more. they use showers now.,A pilgrimage on this path can last for days, weeks or months as you trek toward Santiago de Compostela.,There are no footprints on the path through the thick red mud. I watch an 85-year-old man in hand-knit woolen socks nimbly work his way up the trail. If he can do it, so can I.,Such is the strength gained on the Camino de Santiago, an ancient path that crosses northern Spain, beginning in St. Jean Pied De Port, France, and ending 496 miles (798 km) later at the cathedral in Santiago de Compostela, Spain.,Many people smitten with the walk continue to Finisterre, land’s end at the Atlantic Ocean coast.,On the beach is a huge bonfire and it is a tradition to burn traveling clothes upon arrival, a custom that is easy to understand after 30 days walking in the same clothes for the benefit of carrying a light backpack.,Walking the full length of the Camino usually takes 30 to 40 days, depending on weather, injuries and foot stamina. Some walk shorter sections of the Camino.,Most choose to walk in the spring or fall during cooler weather and because crowds increase in the summer as more students arrive. The Camino also can be walked in winter, but with limited facilities available.,Pilgrims, as walkers are named, have treaded this historic route since the 10th century. St. James, the patron saint of Spain, was said to have been brought by ship to the Galician region of Spain after his death.,A coffin was built for his remains that can  be viewed in the cathedral in Santiago de Compostela.,In the days of kings and queens, tens of thousands of pilgrims walked across Spain and other European countries to make this coveted pilgrimage to the cathedral in Santiago.,Many towns and villages grew across the countryside to provide rooms and food. It became, and still is, an economy built around the journey.,It is difficult to lose our way, as scallop shell symbols and yellow painted arrows guide us through cross sections of Spanish life. Pilgrims can almost always be seen on the path ahead.,The path consists of every walking surface, from ancient Roman stone roads to brief sections of highway shoulders. Most often we walk on quiet country tracks that wind across fields of wheat and grapevines.,One can watch the growing and harvesting of white asparagus in spring and experience grape harvesting in the fall.,The Camino takes us through picturesque cities such as Pamplona, Burgos and León. Many pilgrims stop for rest days to explore the historical sights.,Pilgrims walk, cycle, and ride the Camino on horseback. Tours are also available, combining hiking with busing to make the journey accessible to a wider range of walkers.,However, most choose to find their way with a good guidebook and the symbols of the Camino.,Local residents of the towns and countryside along the Camino have been welcoming and caring for pilgrims for centuries.,As we walk through one farmyard, a stout, elderly woman appears with a plate of hot crepes, sits us down and treats us.,Of course, we can make a small donation, but there is no pressure. One albergue, or hostel, host spends her evening treating foot ailments for grateful pilgrims. There is always a Camino Angel to help when trouble afflicts the traveler.,Historically, modestly dressed pilgrims walked this path, without the sophisticated quick-dry garb and sturdy hiking boots of modern walkers.,Accommodation is provided in albergues, or Hospitals for Peregrinos, as they were historically named, and have existed since the faithful began walking this route around 950 A.D.,Housed in everything from ancient monasteries to sports complexes, an albergue provides modest accommodation and is available only for those walking the Camino.,At a cost of 6 to 10 Euros (US $9 – $14) per night,  it makes this an affordable trip for many.,After walking a typical day of 25 kilometers (15.5 miles) and arriving at the door of the albergue, pilgrims present their Camino passport (credential) to be stamped by the host.,Most albergues provide bunk beds in close quarters. Even a simple bed becomes a luxury after a few walking days.,It is difficult to resist the urge to race some days, to ensure a spot at an albergue, as reservations are unheard of.,But an important lesson to learn while walking the Camino is that trusting souls are always cared for. Also available in some towns and cities are hotels and small inns.,After a rainy, cold and particularly long walk one day, we arrive at the albergue to find the last bed had just been given.,We  are taken to a church annex, where we receive mats on the floor, a hot dinner and breakfast. Donation only, please.,After dinner we travel through a secret tunnel to the church to participate in a special service for pilgrims in an ancient choir loft and treated to a tour of the spectacular golden church.,It is traditional in Spain to eat dinner at 10 p.m, by which time most pilgrims are deeply asleep.,The restaurateurs along the Camino have accommodated pilgrims with special meals served between 7:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. Three courses and red wine are served, often on white tablecloths for about US $12.00.,During the day, walkers may stop for a bocadillo, or snack, consisting of fresh crusty bread stuffed with ham and cheese, among other local delicacies.,The tapas, bite-sized treats made of local ingredients, can be meals in themselves. Bakeshops tempt with hot chocolate-filled croissants. One memorable dinner is served by the kind host of the albergue.,It consists of a local specialty of garlic soup, bread and fruit, all for a small donation.,Seated at a long table, the humble meal serves to remind us of the frugal meals enjoyed by pilgrims of the past. It is typical to  share dinner with a varied group of pilgrims.,Several languages might be spoken all at once, with everyone translating the bits they understand to help one other. Lots of red wine, laughter and stories are shared and friendships grow as the meal disappears.,The Camino is a great leveler, as humility and compassion grow within each pilgrim. Blisters can fell a former marathon runner, while a demure 70-year-old woman hikes past blister free – for the moment.,Everyone cares for, encourages and supports each other along the way. Strong international friendships bloom.,It is an excellent walk for women traveling alone since there are many others to join with along the way.,Takako, a retired teacher from Japan, walks every step of the Camino alone, meeting only a few pilgrims who share her language.,But everyone she meets adores her. Small in stature, she wears all white clothes to protect herself from the sun’s rays.,With the day’s map hanging  from her neck, she walks slowly and steadily, at times gesturing that she can’t  continue. A passing pilgrim always embraces her and tells her to keep going.,After weeks of wondering, “where is Takako?” we find her on the last night, at a celebratory pilgrim’s dinner in Santiago, surrounded by fellow admiring pilgrims.,Excitement mounts as we come closer to Santiago de Compostela. The last morning we walk into Santiago to the large, busy square in front of the famous cathedral. At noon each day, a pilgrim’s mass is held for the arriving walkers.,A large incense ball called the Botafumeiro swings over the heads of awe-struck pilgrims.,Its size and weight requires six priests to pull ropes to move the silver ball across the width of the cathedral. Joy and sadness is felt as travelers exchange the last fleeting glances with their momentary friends.,American Pilgrims,www.americanpilgrims.com,Pilgrimage to Santiago,www.santiago-today.com,Janet Feduck is a life long traveler whose “base camp” is in Elora, north of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Her passion is to travel the world in a very adventurous way and inspire others to step out as well. She has visited remote corners of  33 countries on this amazing earth., ,Also when faced with the ongoing joke that Shrub doesn’t like
Black folks,” the Young Professionals United for Modification, a primarily African-American team, hosted a charity event for Haiti in Harlem, New York City, turning over a section of their contributions to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund.,where is the first photo taken please?,“There are no footprints on the path through the thick red mud. I watch an 85-year-old man in hand-knit woolen socks nimbly work his way up the trail. If he can do it, so can I.”,I found this first sentence of your article very inspiring. I’m nearing my 60th birthday, and this line helped assuage some of my fears about attempting a pilgramage. Thank you!,Best of luck on your pilgrimage!,Just do it!,hi Jan,
I met a woman who stayed at my B&B a few years ago who had a friend who had just walked the Camino and recommended it as a way finding, soul searching type of adventure. I googled el camino images and clicked yours of the green fields and path, to then read you posting and discover you too live in Elora. i am very interested in walking the camino. Thank you for any advice.,Every country has its own tipping practices. Here is a guide to tipping culture across the globe.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,International gratuities data advises travellers on how much they should expect to pay in tips across the globe before jetting off this year.,Research from car rental experts at StressFreeCarRental.com reveals the typical tipping expectations around the world.,Failure to understand and follow country-wide culture norms can put travellers in awkward situations, especially when money is involved.,This makes understanding average tipping percentages that more important, with much of the perceived respect of the area based on the way that a person treats hospitality members of staff.,A spokesperson for StressFreeCarRental.com said:,“People travelling abroad don’t want to be caught up in uncomfortable situations when it comes to handling the bill, paying a taxi driver or thanking a hotel worker for their services.”,“To avoid any confusion about how much they should be adding to their bill to cover the tip, we have produced a comprehensive guide to international gratuities.”,Here is the StressFreeCarRental.com guide to tipping culture across the globe:,Gratuities are not expected in Australia, but ten percent or a rounded up bill is always appreciated by wait staff.,Tips in Brazil should be left in a discreet manner, as Brazilians prefer to be subtle when it comes to the exchange of money. It is customary for Brazilian restaurants to charge diners a ten percent service fee. On top of this, five to ten per cent in cash is always gratefully received by servers.,Tipping in mainland China is not expected, in some places it is even frowned upon. However, some high-end restaurants and heavy tourist spots may become accustomed to receiving small tips.,Croatian tipping norms differ depending on the establishment. It is customary for change to be left at bars, three to five percent to be given at casual eating cafes and restaurants and ten to 15 percent at a higher end place.,It is customary for tourists in Egypt to leave between five and ten percent as a cash gratuity to the servers.,French restaurants, bars and cafes will generally include a service charge in the final bill, so a tip is not expected. However, workers will be grateful for a small tip in return for a great experience.,Similar to the gratuity customs in the rest of Europe, there is no strong tipping culture in Germany, however servers and drivers will be grateful for a rounded-up bill or a small tip.,Tipping is viewed as completely optional in India and would never be expected, however waiters and waitresses will always be grateful for a small ten percent tip when no service fee is charged.,Although tipping isn’t the norm for locals in Italy, it is appreciated for tourists to round up their bill as a thanks to servers. Remember to leave the tip in cash so that it goes straight to the server.,Although it is often perceived as a compliment for staff to receive a tip, workers in Japan will often politely refuse and might even consider the act to be insulting at times. Strict Japanese cultural expectations state that good service should be the norm rather than something to be rewarded.,When good service is received in the Netherlands, locals and tourists will often ask servers to keep the change or they will offer small gratuities, even though Dutch law requires establishments to include tips in their published prices.,Many European countries add a service charge onto bills, including Spain. Because of this, tipping isn’t expected or customary, however, the offer of gratuity would be viewed as a generous display of appreciation.,Tipping is not customary in Thailand, but small gratuities for great service are very appreciated.,A ten per cent service charge is required at Emirati cities like Dubai, but staff will expect an additional 15 to 20 percent tip to be gifted as a sign of gratuity.,The service industry in the states is renowned for having a very different tipping culture to European countries.,As highlighted continuously in the film and TV industry, tips can often make up a significant share of the salary of a service industry employee.,Because of this, it is expected that both locals and tourists offer a tip of 15 to 20 percent of the final bill to wait staff, taxi drivers, porters, tour guides and others offering a service.,More helpful info: StressFreeCarRental.com,Find more helpful travel information below:,Riga is the capital of Latvia and the largest city in the Baltic countries and has plenty exciting sights to visit. Here are the top 10 things to do in Riga, Latvia.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Riga is the capital of Latvia and the largest city in the Baltic countries, including Estonia and Lithuania. Riga is an increasingly popular city break destination that offers a mix of incredible historic buildings and buzzing cafes and restaurants where you can enjoy fine dining. It has a youthful vibe and a focus on the arts and innovation.,This beautiful city has around 600,000 people, an old city center with a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and many stunning museums, parks, and architectural jewels. Its wealth of Art Nouveau architecture is especially noteworthy. ,Riga was under the occupation of the USSR for almost 50 years, but the city flourished after it regained its independence at the beginning of the ’90s.,You can explore Riga’s medieval cathedrals and churches, charming wooden houses, and Art Nouveau buildings, such as the Cat House and the House of the Black Heads. Stroll along the picturesque streets and squares in the Old Town, and embrace a peaceful ambiance at lovely gardens around the city.,You can attend the Latvian National Opera and Ballet events to see top-class artists or explore the amazing Latvian National Museum of Art to see masterpieces by Baltic sculptors and painters.,Take a walking tour of the Riga Central Market to taste and buy delicious Latvian food. And if you reach the 17th floor of the Latvian Academy of Science building, you can experience a breathtaking view from the observation deck.,Riga is also ideal for day trips to the Sigulda, a nature paradise in the Vidzeme region, and Jurmala, the most famous summer resort in the Baltics.,Heading to Riga? Book your tickets and skip the line at these top attractions in Riga.,Here are the top 10 things to do in Riga.,Old Town or Vecriga is the historical center of Riga, situated on the east side of the Daugava River. It is known for cathedrals and old churches, pedestrian cobblestone streets, and several museums, such as Riga Castle, the Latvian Museum of Architecture, and the Riga Film Museum. Thanks to its historical significance, Old Town in Riga was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,You can stroll along with the parts of the medieval town and through the Swedish Gate, the only remaining entrance to the Old Riga.,“The Three Brothers” buildings are also located in the Old Town of Riga. Those houses represent different periods and architectural styles, with Gothic, Renaissance, and Baroque elements.,Many restaurants, bars, and clubs are located in the Old Town, so it is also perfect for enjoying the city’s nightlife.,Take a Walking Tour of the Old Town.,Many historical events took place at Town Hall Square. That was once an economical and administrative center of the city but was demolished during World War II. In the post-war years, many buildings have been rebuilt.,The House of the Black Heads dominates Town Hall Square. That beautifully decorated building was originally built in the 14th century but was destroyed by Germans in 1941.,It was rebuilt in 1999 and today hosts luxury events, such as classical music concerts, balls, and state ceremonies.,Take a Tour of the Square.,Riga Cathedral, also known as Dome Cathedral, is one of the most famous landmarks in Latvia’s capital. It was built in the 13th century as the largest medieval church in the Baltic states at that time. During the Soviet occupation in the 20th century, Riga Cathedral was used as a concert hall.,In the southern part of the cathedral, you can find the Museum of the History of Riga and Navigation. You can visit the exhibition that shows the development of Riga through the centuries.,Every Riga travel guide also recommends visiting the 123 meter-high St. Peter’s Church, the tallest church in Riga. It has a tower that offers a stunning view of the city. Also, you can attend different art exhibitions and concerts here.,Riga also has the largest Orthodox church in the Baltics. The Nativity of Christ Cathedral was built in the 19th century in the Neo-Byzantine style, and it is definitely worth a visit.,Take a 10-City Sightseeing Highlights Guided Phone Tour.,Did you know that Riga has 800 Art Nouveau buildings?,In the early 20th century, the industrial revolution brings the expansion of the population in Riga. Many wealthy entrepreneurs built buildings in the new modern artistic style.,Many designers used Art Nouveau in furniture and clothing production, which led to many homes having their complete interiors designed in that style at that time.,The most beautiful Art Nouveau architecture you can find is on Alberta Street, in the city centre. Riga Art Nouveau Center is also located on the same street. In that museum, you can see how the interiors of the Art Nouveau apartments looked in the early 20th century.,See more with this Riga Art Nouveau City Exploration Game.,Just outside of Riga, on the banks of the Jugla lake, you can find the Ethnographic Open-Air Museum of Latvia. That museum promotes the culture and lifestyle of all four Latvia provinces: Latgale, Vidzeme, Zemgale, and Kurzeme.,The most interesting thing is that there are 118 historic buildings, such as Usma Lutheran Church, Roman Catholic chapel, Russian Orthodox church, bathhouse, tavern, farmer’s houses, and many other buildings from the 17th century to the middle of the 20th century set up in the beautiful scenery.,If you want to see how ordinary people lived here in the past three centuries, visit the exhibitions of work equipment and household.,Many cultural events are organized here every year. You can attend craft festivals and folk concerts to learn more about Latvian history and cultural heritage or play traditional Latvian games.,See the Top Experiences in Riga.,The Freedom Monument is the symbol of Latvia’s struggle for independence and freedom, located in the city center. It is 42 meters high granite monument decorated with many sculptures that represent Latvian history and culture.,On the top of the monument, there is a 9 meters high obelisk – a Liberty holding three stars above the head, which symbolizes the historical regions of Latvia and national unity.,The monument was financed by public donations and erected in honor of people killed during the Latvian War of Independence in the early 20th century.,The monument has been preserved from demolition during the Soviet Occupation and today is one of the most significant Baltic landmarks of Riga.,Latvia was occupied for 51 years in the 20th century by Nazi Germany (1941-1944) and the USSR (1940-1941, 1944-1991). The Museum of the Occupation of Latvia is an educational institution established in 1993 to honor the life and culture during the occupation, from World War II to their independence.,It contains almost 60,000 artifacts, archive documents, and photographs. There are also 2,000 video testimonials and documentary films.,You can learn more about national resistance group activities and the guerilla fights against the German and Soviet occupations.,The Museum of the Occupation also offers a visit to the Corner House, the former KGB building. It hosts exhibitions about the history of KGB operations during the Soviet occupation. You can get guided tours of the prison cells and listen to stories about how authorities treated rebellious people at that time.,Take this Riga Self-Guided Audio Tour.,Riga Motor Museum is the most significant vehicle museum in the Baltics. It was founded in 1989 and operated by the Republic of Latvia Ministry of Transport. The museum’s permanent exhibition shows interesting stories about notable people and the events that marked car development in Eastern Europe.,On the three-floor museum about automotive history, you can learn more about the Soviet car industry and see some of the most attractive car models from the beginning of the 20th century.,There is a large collection of the cars used by Soviet Union political leaders, as well as an impressive collection of racing cars, special vehicles, and military machinery. You can see firetrucks, Harley-Davidson motorcycles, record-breaking cars, and hundreds of other vehicles.,Enjoy this Riga Interactive City Discovery Experience.,Riga has many lovely green oases in the city center. Take a walking tour through the beautiful Bastion Hill (Bastejkalns Park) to relax in a green setting with narrow paths and water cascades. You can also get a canal boat cruise here.,At Kronvalda Park, you can explore many tree species and admire a large fountain with a light show. There is also a botanical garden, operated by the University of Latvia, where you can get to know some tropical plants and enjoy watching butterfly colonies.,Some of the other stunning parks in Riga are Esplanades, near Elizabetes street, the Viesturs Garden Park, the oldest in Riga, and Vermanes Garden Park, with many sculptures and open-air stages for concerts.,Did you know that you can even find golden sandy beaches just 30 minutes from Latvia’s capital?,Jurmala is a coastal city on the Baltic Sea, west of Riga. That popular summer resort is known for its 25 km-long beaches, which feature great spots for swimming and sunbathing. There are also many spa hotels where you can enjoy a wide range of spa services.,After the day spent on a beach, you can stroll along Jomas Street (Jomas iela). There are many restaurants and pubs along the main pedestrian street in Jurmala. The parallel street – Juras street, is also known for its beautiful wooden houses.,If you travel with kids, visit the Dzintaru Mezaparks. You can find many playgrounds there, walking paths and cafes. For music lovers, Dzintari Concert Hall is a must-visit place in Jurmala.,Enjoy this Jurmala Private Tour from Riga.,Ready to plan your culture-filled Riga adventure? Start preparing with insider knowledge on the best shopping, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant favorites and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Have even more fun by planning some unique Riga experiences, expert-led tours and more with Bookmundi. Find more information, browse activities and book your dates in advance here.,Be sure to bring the right travel bag to fit whatever you pack and then whatever you find to bring home. With AWAY luggage you can get reliable, expandable and stylish travel bags to keep all your items safely organized. Check out the top-rated selection here.

More information from Riga Tourism,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,Northern Thailand is a world apart from the hustle and bustle of Bangkok. This lush countryside is home to six unique Hill Tribes, each with their own customs and culture.,My first glimpse of Northern Thailand comes as a bit of a shock. From all the stories I’ve heard about Bangkok, with its teaming crowds and frenzied avenues, I had imagined that all of Thailand was one huge mass of people, moving about in their busy lives.,But here, in the northern town of Chiang Rai, life seems to move at a slower pace.,The wide, unhurried streets are dotted with bikes, pickup trucks and mopeds. Female bike passengers, wearing modest skirts, sit sidesaddle behind their drivers.,The avenues are lined with the deep greens of lush trees and plants and the colorful reds of temples and shops. There are children in blue school uniforms playing on the sidewalk, and shoppers attending their business in the small stalls that line the sidewalks.,Life in the north is a whole other Thailand. “We’re more traditional here than in Bangkok,” a local woman tells me.,Later, I view those conservative values when I’m out shopping. Everywhere I go younger people greet their elders — even 30-something me — with a polite Sawadee (hello) and a bow with hands held together in front. “In Bangkok, many kids don’t use that greeting anymore,” a vendor later says, shaking her head in disapproval.,Northern Thailand is hill country, and laid-back Chiang Rai is the perfect base to explore the region. Located 700 miles (1,100 km) north of Bangkok, the city is reached by a one-hour flight from the capital.,Burma, once a prosperous land that now struggles under the heavy hand of a military government that renamed the country “Myanmar,” lies just 35 minutes northwest of Chiang Rai. Laos, another land that has seen its share of war, is 30 minutes northeast. The three countries meet in a fertile area called the Golden Triangle — a region that was once the opium-producing capital of the world.,Chiang Rai has a population of 1.2 million, yet it feels like a small town. After dropping my things at the Wiang Inn, which charges US$ 35 for a lovely room and breakfast, I head out to the city’s night bazaar. It’s 8 pm, but the lanes are overflowing with vendors selling carvings, handcrafts and instruments — all at amazingly low prices.,There are dozens of food stands, and the rich smell of Thai cooking makes me hungry. One stand, I notice, offers plates of well-cooked beetles, crickets and bamboo larvae worms. Although the dishes smell good, somehow I can’t get over the thought of eating bug legs.,The weather is warm, and I feel safe walking around town. There are families strolling on the uncrowded sidewalks, and shops are open for business. Many vendors smile in greeting, and give encouragement each time I try a few Thai words. The Thai, I soon discover, are a kind and gracious people,Yet the Thai are not the area’s only residents. The nearby hills are home to six distinct hill tribes. The Akha, Karen, Lisu, Yao, Hmong and Lahu each have their own language and culture. These 540,000 tribal people lead remote lives, and a visit to their villages is like stepping back in time.,Many of the villages have limited electricity and no indoor plumbing; homes are made of bamboo and thatched roofs. Most tribesmen depend on farming for their livelihood, and villages migrate between the steep hills of China, Thailand, Burma, Laos and Vietnam whenever the soil at their present location is depleted.,Tourism to the hill tribe country is growing each year, and I can’t wait to experience this unique side of Thailand. To familiarize myself on the region, I stop at the Hill Tribe Museum and Education Center for information on the various tribes.,The Karen are known for using elephants in their farming, while the Lisu stay together as extended families. The Akha, who are spiritists, have a special gate at the village to prevent bad spirits, and the Lahu tribe prides themselves on their trapping and hunting skills.,The Yau have a language and culture similar to the Chinese, and the Hmong have large families averaging eight children per family.,The tribes welcome visitors and have come to depend on the economic boost tourism provides. Still, there are a few things to keep in mind when visiting the villages: Don’t show physical affection (it’s offensive). Don’t enter a home without an invitation or take photographs without asking first. Do be friendly and enjoy the visit.,Trekking companies offer the easiest way to visit the hill tribe region, from half-day visits to week-long treks where guests can stay overnight in the villages. But I plan to visit the hill country with my friend A-Je, who is from the Akha tribe, and Nancy, his American wife.,The next morning dawns bright and sunny — a perfect day for heading upriver to the Karen village of Ruammit. We hire a boat and driver for 500 baht (US$ 12.60) at the Mae Kok Boat Service Company in Ban Thatorn, and hop in. The slim, long craft hums loudly as we skim up the Mae Kok River. Within minutes, we’re in the wilderness, surrounded by distant forested hills and tall waving grasses on the riverbanks.,Forty minutes later, we reach the village. There are three elephants in the river, and more on the riverbank. Scrambling ashore, we’re greeted by several elephants, who are walking about freely, looking for a handout. Nancy, who has been here dozens of times, pushes their trunks away and makes her way past, while I follow cautiously behind.,For 150 baht (about US$ 3.80), I’m offered an elephant ride. I mount rickety stairs that lead up to a high platform and crawl onto a chair tied to the elephant’s back. The animal’s handler hops on the creature’s head, and we’re off.,I’m not prepared for such jilted footsteps, and have to support myself with both arms to keep from being thrown side to side. But I like the view from up top as we make our way down the narrow lanes of the village. Chickens dart out in front of us, and dogs, which all look alike, run about the dirt lanes.,Many of the raised bamboo homes have open windows with no glass, so I can see inside. There are women cooking, children playing and several men sleeping. A few women sit making purses with neat, beautiful stitching. These will be sold later at market for a dollar or two, the only weekly income for many of these mothers.,My body is sore after the ride, but I forget about that when Nancy and I stop at an outside village restaurant for lunch. We are the only ones there, but the food, consisting of rice, chicken, peanuts and spicy vegetables, is good. And at US$ 2 a plate, it’s a bargain for us.,A-Je is my guide when we drive up into the hills the next day. We stop in Doi Tung to visit the late Princess Mother’s palace home. The royal family is revered here in Thailand, and there is a line to tour the home. I’m shocked to find the “palace” looks more like a Swiss chalet. Later I learn why.,The Princess Mother, who once studied nursing in the States, lived in Switzerland while her children, including His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej, attended school. The Princess Mother came to love Switzerland, and modeled her home after its architecture.,I’m touched by the late Princess Mother’s modest bedroom and simple tastes, and can now understand why the royal family is so beloved. After touring the palace, we walk through the Royal Gardens, which have beautiful fountains, rivers and flowers of every kind.,From Doi Tung, A-je and I make our way along the winding mountain roads to Doi Mae Salong, a small village that still boasts its ancient Chinese heritage. The town’s gorgeous location draws thousands of visitors each year. The sun is shining brightly and I can see clear across the valley. No wonder this area is called “Thailand’s Little Switzerland.”,On the way down the mountain, we stop at the Akha village where A-Je grew up. My friend points out pieces of his childhood — a tiny concrete village church, a main water tank, and the picturesque hills his family farmed. We walk around the homes, our footsteps raising dust on the earthen paths. Most of the villagers are working in the fields, but we see several women roasting chilies and stitching; others are minding children and working on laundry.,One woman invites us in for a while. A-Je interprets from Akha to English as the woman tells me about her children. As she talks, I can’t help but see how much we have in common, even though we come from such different worlds.,The sun is just beginning to dip behind the peaks as we pull out of the village. The shadows mute the dark greens of the hillside forests as we drive down the mountain. A warm breeze flows through the open car window, and I catch the smell of wild poinsettias. It is a beautiful evening, and I am happy to be in Thailand.,If You Go,Tourism Authority of Thailand
www.Tourismthailand.org,Info on Chiang Rai
www.Chiangmai-chiangrai.com,The Princess Mother’s Royal Chalet
www.doitung.org,Accommodations in Chiang Rai
Wiang Inn
893 Phaholyothin Rd.
Tel. + 66 (0) 5371-1533
www.wianginn.com,Rim Kok Resort
Chiangrai-Thatorn Rd.
Tel. + 66 (0) 5371 6445-54
Email: rimkokresort.com
www.rimkokresort.com,Dusit Island Resort
1129 Kraisorasit Road, Vieng District
Tel. + 66 (0) 5371 5777
Email: chiangrai@dusit.com
https://chiangrai.dusit.com, ,Even without traveling, we can experience the world through its cuisine. Here’s how to make Samosa, a popular Indian dish.,One of the most meaningful traveling experiences is discovering local cuisine. We are all longing to travel right now, but until then, we can experience the world by cooking some of its famous regional dishes. ,Today, we’ll learn more about one of the iconic Indian dishes – the samosa – and I’ll share a recipe for samosas that you can make at home. ,The samosa is famous as an entrée and a snack in South East and Western Asia, Africa, and the Mediterranean region. But for people around the world, Samosa is synonymous with Indian cuisine. ,It is the most popular Indian snack and one of the most relished foods that Indians eat for breakfast or as a tea-time snack. Without a doubt, many of you must have tried (or relished) it at least once in your life. ,Typically, samosa is a triangular-shaped, deep-fried, dough-crust filled with spiced potatoes. It is commonly available in its spiced savory avatar, but in this world of innovation, you can even get it in the sweet form, including chocolate samosa and meetha samosa.,The earliest mention of samosa dates back to the 9th century in a poem written by a Persian poet. After that, a few Arab cookery books from the 10th to 13th century gives out its recipe. ,The samosa was also a prevalent dish in Iran until the 16th century, but its popularity gradually faded by the 20th century. Back in those days, samosa was referred to as sanbusaj, sanbusak, sanbusaq, sanbusaj, sanbosag, sambusas, samsa, samushak, or sambusak.,It was during the 13th or 14th century that the Indian subcontinent was first introduced to samsa, as it was called popularly back in those days, by the Central Asian traders.,Also, during those days, samosa had a filling of meat and onion, and it was prepared in ghee. Ever since then, several historical documents talk about the evolution of samosa to its current form.,Samosa consists of a crispy outer dough shell stuffed with any filling of your choice.,To prepare a samosa, just roll a flour-based dough into thin sheets. Now, fold the dough into a cone by sealing the edges very nicely with some water. ,Fill this dough cone with a spiced potato and peas filling (most commonly used) or any filling of your choice, and then seal its ends well so that the mixture doesn’t come out. Deep-fry the samosas on low flame until the dough turns evenly into light brown. ,Serve hot and crispy samosa with green chutney or sweet tamarind chutney!,Apart from getting the perfect dough, you must choose the utensil carefully in which you will cook the filling and fry samosas. ,An improper appliance might result in too tough, burnt, or even raw samosa dough crust. You can seek help from ‘Best best pots and pans for gas stove (Review and Buying Guide)’ to save your time and get the desired information to find the cookware of your choice easily so that you could prepare your perfect samosas.,In India, samosa is the comfort food for people across all sections of society. In some parts of India, particularly Northern India, people enjoy samosa for breakfast with aloo ki sabzi (potato curry) and as a hearty tea-time snack.,Talking about the rest of the world, given the popularity of Indian cuisine, it is quite common to find it in many variations, from street vendors to high-end restaurants. The fancier the place, the more exclusive its filling will get.,Typically, a samosa has a crunchy and delicately flavored outer crust that encloses the most aromatic and spiced-up potato-based filling. ,But, in recent times of innovation and food experiments, you can find samosas in many avatars and filled with various interesting combinations of ingredients. ,So, you can find keema samosa (minced chicken/mutton-filled), chocolate samosa (chocolate-filled), palak paneer samosa (with the palak paneer vegetable filling), meetha samosa (with a sweet filling), etc.,Here’s a recipe that includes the most popular way of preparing samosa, which is with the potato and peas filling. Serve hot and crispy samosa with green chutney or sweet tamarind chutney to enjoy this crunchy and spicy teatime snack!


Appliances:
Pot
Ladle
Spoon
Slotted Ladle
Grater
Knife
Cooking pan
Deep-frying pan,For dough:
½ cup flour
¼ cup drinking water
1 tablespoon ghee
¼ teaspoon carom seeds
¼ teaspoon salt
For filling:
2 large potatoes, boiled, peeled, and nicely mashed
2 tablespoons fresh green peas, steamed
1 tablespoon olive oil
½ teaspoon cumin seeds
¼ teaspoon ginger, grated
A pinch of asafetida or hing (optional)
1 tablespoon fresh coriander leaves, finely chopped
1 small green chili, chopped
½ teaspoon dry coriander powder
½ teaspoon fennel seed powder
½ teaspoon garam masala
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon red chili powder
¼ teaspoon dry mango powder (optional) or 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
Vegetable oil, for frying,Directions:,With so much information about Samosa and with a detailed recipe, we are sure that you are badly craving one right now as well… So, go ahead and try making some yourself at your home!,Author Bio: Ligia Lugo loves experiencing new cultures through foods and travels. Her hobby is experimenting with different cuisines. Read more of her recipes at The Daring Kitchen.,The Great of Wall of China is the largest man-made structure in the world. Here’s how to plan your visit to this unique remnant of China’s past.,There’s been a lot of talk in the news lately about building great walls to protect borders. But border walls are nothing new.,And one of the biggest, farthest-reaching, and oldest border walls designed to keep outsiders outside is just outside Bejing, China.,Recently, during our travel in China, my daughter and I took a walk along part of the Great Wall of China.,Like most who visit the Great Wall of China, Nicole and I made our base in Beijing. Locals in Beijing say that if you look to the sky and see blue, you should play your lo\ttery numbers.,Pollution has made air conditions harsh, and the forecast on most days — rain or shine — is smoggy.,That wasn’t the case on the morning that we left the busy city of Beijing for one of the most visited tourist attractions of China — and the very symbol of the ancient nation’s resolve to protect itself from the outside world.,When we arrived by bus to the Great Wall of China, we found it to be as impressive as we imagined it would be — and we only saw a tiny portion of it.,“Tiny” didn’t seem like the right adjective at the time, however, as we approached and proceeded along a portion of the great stone walkway.,The full wall snakes through the mountains and valleys of foliage and desert for thousands of miles. The Great Wall originated as a series of individual walls.,But between 221 and 210 B.C., a unified China unified the wall, fortifying the smaller walls already there and connecting them with more wall. Today, it continues to stand as the largest man-made structure in the world.,The genius of the wall was not that it was so tall and strong. It’s that every single section of the wall is within reach of a bowman’s arrow from a tower, meaning that no part of the wall went unprotected.,The towers also served as beacons, so it made for an easy and fast way to send an alert from one part of the wall — or China — to another.,Messages could be sent quickly from one tower to another by fire, smoke, flares, drums, or bells.,“Like an ancient instant-messaging app,” our guide offered, cell phone in hand.,The wall also offered a means of base and protection for troops traveling from one part of China to another. Camp always remained permanently set just beside the wall.,We felt something like troops ourselves as we sweated our way up the wall at Juyong Pass, the most popular section of the wall for tourists due to its proximity to Beijing.,We climbed narrow and uneven stairs built centuries ago. We made it up through three towers, the crumbling stairs extremely steep and uneven.,The railings were so low that only the smallest children could take advantage of them — unless you decided to crawl. It took a lot of effort and energy to walk the wall, even just for a couple hours.,It’s a good thing our guide reminded us earlier that morning to wear good footwear (hiking shoes), and gave us water bottles to carry with us as we went.,Those bottles were empty by the time we made it back down the wall.,We climbed to the top of one of the watchtowers. To get to the top, we had to navigate extremely narrow stairs that were so steep we had to use our hands and feet at the same time, balancing ourselves as we went up and down.,They were more like stone ladders than stairs.,The most challenging part of the wall hike was coming back down. It seemed dangerous, and the slightest slip could send you tumbling down what looked like an endless decent.,The view from atop the great wall was absolutely alluring and made it worth the risk and effort. We took in the blue sky, the mountains in the distance, trees, and nature surrounding us.,The wall took advantage of the natural terrain of the hillside, meaning that wherever you stood on the wall, you got the best view in the area.,The best view of all: the snaking back and forth of the wall itself through the mountainous distance.,Even the birds chirping in the breezy trees above us were probably singing the praises of the panoramic views offered by the Great Wall of China.,As a bird landed on the wall’s stone edge, I imagined their calls to one another from one watchtower to another — a love song spreading for thousands of miles.,The Great Wall of China is huge, but it’s easy to invade China and take a leisurely stroll along it. The most popular section of the wall for visitors is the Juyong Pass area, about 37 miles from Beijing.,The easiest way to get there is by tour bus, and if you book your trip to China through a package deal or a company specializing in China tours, you’ll most certainly be offered one.,If you prefer to “rough it,” you can also make it to Juyong Pass by public bus or train. Take the Beijing subway line 13 to Longze Station.,From there, hop on bus line Chang 19, 21, or 58 or Zhuan 53, 519, or 878 to Shahe Station. Or you can depart from the Deshengmen West Station by bus to Shahe Station.,From Shahe Station, take bus Chang 68 to Juyong Pass.,If you prefer to travel by train, take the Beijing subway line 2, 4, or 13 to Beijing North Railway Station. From the train station, take train S2 to Badaling Railway Station.,From Badaling, you can take a free shuttle bus to the Badaling Bus Station and catch bus 879 to Juyong Pass.,It’s easier than it sounds, but you can see why many westerners opt to get a group or private tour, which you can do for as little as $30 with a group, $50 for a private half-day tour, or $100 for a full day tour.,In these cases, your bus will pick you up at your hotel or an easily accessible place, and drop you off there at the end of the adventure.,Be sure to bring snacks as there aren’t many food options on site, and bring a few water bottles to stay hydrated.,The stairs can be steep and narrow, so watch your step while you’re watching the view.,Author Bio: Eric D. Goodman enjoys traveling as much as he loves writing. His fiction and travel stories have been published in many periodicals, including Go Nomad, InTravel Magazine, Travel Mag, The Washington Post, and The Baltimore Sun. Eric’s the author of the award-winning Tracks: A Novel in Stories about travelers who connect on a train, Flightless Goose, a storybook for children, and the forthcoming Womb: a novel in utero. Learn more about Eric and his work at www.EricDGoodman.com and connect with him at www.Facebook.com/EricDGoodman.,From coastal golf courses to the peaks of Glen Coe, falconry to 4×4 off-roading, Luxury Scotland Tours highlights the best of Scotland,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Our eyes lock across the lawn of a sprawling country estate. There’s electricity in the air as a shaft of golden light parts the storm clouds. I hold his hungry gaze, trying to summon a fearlessness I do not feel. In a moment, he will be upon me, taking what he wants, and I’ll be helpless to deny him. He stares at me intently, almost savagely, as though I were nothing more than a piece of meat.,Or maybe that’s just the morsel of chicken on my upraised leather glove. Yep, definitely the chicken, Sage confirms, as he swoops down and snatches it with his beak, perching on my gauntlet to allow me to admire him up close.,For an owl of his size, Sage is surprisingly light—and quite handsome, I think, gazing into his wise amber eyes. Then suddenly, with a flap of his mighty wings, Sage soars away, ditching me like a dead mouse.,He’s allergic to mice, you see. According to his handler, Emily Autumns of Elite Falconry, “they give him a dodgy belly.” Hence the chicken treats, because being strafed by an incontinent owl is nobody’s idea of a good time. ,Fortunately, there are zero intestinal mishaps, and having an opportunity to “fly” an owl—and a hawk and a tawny eagle—at Scotland’s Isle of Eriska resort proves to be a highlight of the four-day, coast-to-coast program created for my companions and me by Luxury Scotland Tours.,Read More: Don’t Miss These 5 Top Destinations in Scotland,Ruaridh Norton and Struan Baird, who co-founded the company in 2019, pride themselves on swiftly and efficiently composing indulgent itineraries, sometimes in as little as 24 hours. They offer a dozen packages on their website. However, most clients prefer to customize their tour to experience Scotland to its fullest.,“People come to us as the travel experts,” explains the soft-spoken Norton. “We say, what are your hobbies? How many days? How many people? They trust us to shape something, so typically, there is a bit of back and forth, maybe two or three drafts, because it is bespoke.”,Baird nods. “In general, people want a blend of sightseeing, golf, and whisky,” he says. “That’s what we package together, along with luxury hotels.”,Baird had me at “whisky” and “luxury.” Our tour features plenty of both, interwoven with an overview of city sights and country delights. We ricochet between the cultural attractions of Edinburgh, where the Royal Mile stretches between Holyrood Palace and an imposing hilltop castle, and Glasgow, famed for its music scene, street murals, and museums. Traveling further north and west, I’m wooed by the wild, windswept beauty of the Highlands, capped by the cinematic, snow-dusted peaks of Glen Coe. ,The tour offers a true taste of Scotland, in the literal sense, as well. We sample exotically flavored chocolates—lemongrass and lime or raspberry and black pepper, anyone? The award-winning Iain Burnett Highland Chocolatier is near the quaint tourist town of Pitlochry. I welcome the warm burn of Scotch on an Oban whisky distillery tour.,Every night, we stay at a different ICMI Luxury Collection hotel, all of which feature top-notch repasts. At the Isle of Eriska, I’m wowed by Eggs Balmoral for breakfast (poached eggs with haggis atop a toasted muffin; delicious)—and the decanter of complimentary whisky provided in my room. Impressively, Inverlochy Castle, Crossbasket Castle, and Greywalls all feature fine dining restaurants from renowned chef Michel Roux Jr. My most surprising meal is at Glasgow’s Ox and Finch, a casual brasserie serving Scotland-meets-the-Mediterranean small plates that are simply superb. (Try the slow-cooked lamb shoulder with polenta and salsa rossa. You’ll thank me).,Each day features a new destination and miles of asphalt unspooling before our tricked-out van, commandeered by Neil Milne, who is so much more than our driver. He’s a retired chief inspector of police, a one-time bodyguard to Princess Anne (daughter of the late Queen Elizabeth II), and a cheerful, charming raconteur who makes a meal of every burred “r,” savoring it like gravy on a steak.  ,Milne recounts amusing encounters with the royal family, like the time his sister accidentally head-butted Princess Diana or the day his wife saw Princes William and Harry running around a swimming pool changing room, “shaking their naked bottoms.” (To be fair, they were children at the time).,Milne knows every worthwhile detour and scenic overlook along our route, including a hilltop view of Castle Stalker, immortalized in Monty Python and The Holy Grail, and possesses an encyclopedic knowledge of Scottish trivia, like the fact that Dull, Scotland is twinned with Boring, Oregon. “One of the only interesting things about Dull,” he says, “is that a bagpiper is said to have moved from there to the US and died defending the Alamo.” By our second day, I’ve dubbed him “the Scottish Siri.”,Read More: The Unspoiled Kingdom of the Cats,While Milne is utterly at home behind the wheel, I can’t say the same of myself. But inclement weather has necessitated a last-minute change to our itinerary. So here I am climbing into a Land Rover Defender with Stuart Bradley, a wise-cracking, kilt-wearing driving instructor for 4×4 Adventures Scotland. For two hours, we’ll be bumping and (gear) grinding along an unpaved track on a 45,000-acre estate overlooking Loch Lomond.,The manual transmission is operated by the left hand, the steering wheel is on the right. Well, the wrong side, from a North American perspective—and I’ve hardly driven in 17 years. What could possibly go amiss?,But Bradley is undeterred. “If in doubt, put your foot on the brake. If anything goes wrong, we just squish into the moss,” he says, gesturing towards the springy green carpet creeping over the forest floor. “We’ll mostly stay in second gear, because first is too slow, and third is too…terrifying,” he adds dryly.,The advantage of moving with all the speed and agility of an asthmatic tortoise is that we have time to admire the scenery. Evergreen, birch, elm, oak, sycamore, and beech crowd the hillsides, looking as pristine and untouched as they must have for centuries. “If you step out into the forest and leave the road by 20 feet, you’ll probably be the first person to stand in that exact spot for hundreds and hundreds of years,” Bradley reckons.,We keep our eyes peeled for deer—or, indeed, hairy-toed Hobbits, which wouldn’t look out of place in this fairytale forest. But Scotland doesn’t need fantasy fiction to weave a spell. The country, and the good-humored people who call it home, hold a magic of their own. ,Author’s Bio: Amy Laughinghouse is passionate about people and places that are quirky or off-beat and has enjoyed a varied career around the world. She has interviewed an inventor who built a submarine to search for the Loch Ness Monster, worked as a TV news producer in the Caribbean, published a book on American log cabins, and swum with sharks in Tahiti, but her most terrifying challenge ever was taking ballroom dance lessons in London. You can find out more about her adventures at AMYLAUGHINGHOUSE.COM and via X-Twitter and Instagram.,Planning a trip to the Amalfi Coast? Here is a complete 3-day guide to Positano, Amalfi & Ravello. Explore the best beaches, festivals, cathedrals and cuisine.,This may surprise you, but Amalfi once was one of the largest and most powerful maritime towns in Europe.,Thanks to its strategic location southeast of Naples in the heart of the Mediterranean, the small trading town slowly grew into an independent republic. Its seemingly impossible location amid harsh mountainsides and cliffs made potential invaders think twice.,“For the people of Amalfi who will go to heaven, judgment day will be a day like any other”,But that was 1,000 years ago. Nowadays the traders are gone and the European glitterati have moved in. They speed among Amalfi’s vertiginous streets, drink Aperol spritz and bask in the eternal sunshine (they don’t come in winter).,Which is kind of a shame, because Amalfi happens to be one of the most beautiful places in the world? And the whole region has become a kind of travel cliché – tainted by unattainable wealth.,Recently there has been a move to change the preconception that staying along the 50-kilometer (31-mile) Amalfi Coast is expensive. Low-cost hostels are beginning to set up shop around the region, and their views are just as spectacular as the five-star hotels.,The BriKette Hostel, for example, offers cooking classes, wine tastings and discount shuttle rides around town.,Another important thing to remember is that the region is very seasonal. You can save a lot of money if you plan your travel outside of the peak season (May to September).,The months of April and October are just as pleasant, and the hotels significantly drop their prices due to less demand. This way you can avoid the hordes of tourists and the harshness of peak summer sun.,Local Delis,Instead of heading into the center for lunch where the prices are through the roof, there are small family-run delis that offer exquisite local produce. We were taken to Latteria, where the prices are cheap and the quality is of a kind that you know the locals would approve of,Here they will make you a panino with all kinds of cold-cuts, verdure sott’olio (vegetables in olive oil) including artichokes, aubergines and courgettes, and mouth-watering mozzarella di bufala like nothing else in the world.,They have salads, salami, pasta and everything that comprises a typical southern Italian lunch. A sandwich and a cold beverage costs around 10 euros.,Seafood,Up the hill you will find a little fishmonger shop that doesn’t have a name. It doesn’t have a name because it doesn’t need a name; if you live in the area you just know about it. And besides, a name would ruin its magic. Every day they are supplied with whatever the local fishermen hauled in that morning.,If you come early enough you will find fresh clams for a spaghetti alle vongole, prawns to eat straight off the grill, and prime cuts of tuna and bream to be seared in the pan with the juice of the famous lemons native to Amalfi. Address: Via G. Marconi, 392. ,Art Galleries,Positano has a thriving art community, so after an obligatory dive in the ocean, explore the art galleries and stores where you can find local artists at work and affordable memorabilia to take home.,A local bus will take you to the top of the town where the coach departs for Amalfi. The bus stop sits directly opposite the famous Bar Internazionale, good for a break from the sun and a Peroncino beer while you wait.,For a different type of experience, check out this boat tour on the Gulf of Salerno and stop at the best sights on the Amalfi Coast. See the beautiful art and history and get to snorkel off the boat! Book this tour here and cancel anytime up to 24-hours before the event for no charge.,Pasticceria Andrea Pansa,The first thing you must do in Amalfi is to take a typical Italian breakfast at the Pasticceria Andrea Pansa. Here the locals will invariably order a cappuccino accompanied with sfogliatelle (sweet pastries with almond, citron and orange fillings) and sit out in the piazza musing on the splendor of life.,Amalfi Cathedral,The cafe sits under the magnificent Duomo di Amalfi, Cattedrale di St.’Andrea (pictured), named after the patron saint Andrew. It’s more than 1,000 years old and reflects the various cultures that have influenced the city over time.,Its architecture consists of Arab-Norman, Gothic, Renaissance and most recently Baroque styles – a feast for the eyes.,Check out the best options for tours of the Amalfi Cathedral here. From the top-rated Full-Day Guided Tour of the Amalfi Coast to the exclusive Private Limo Tour of Naples and the Coast, find the perfect activities for your getaway.,From the center of Amalfi you can catch a small bus that climbs the steep hills up to Ravello. Overlooking the Bay of Salerno, the views here are breathtaking.,Its ravishing gardens, quiet cobblestone streets and grandeur have attracted some of the world’s greatest poets, artists, musicians and actors over time. Prices are generally higher here, so booking accommodation in Amalfi and taking day trips are common.,Trattoria da Cumpa’ Cosimo,In the ancient town center, you will find the family-run trattoria of Cumpa’ Cosimo. It doesn’t have the views, but if they did the prices would be double. They make up for it with excellent homemade pasta, scallopini and a myriad of seasonal dishes with great service, often by Nonna herself.,This little restaurant has graced the likes of Jackie Kennedy, Gore Vidal (a longtime resident) and Humphrey Bogart.,Villa Cimbrone,Roughly a 15-minute walk from the main piazza is the Hotel Villa Cimbrone. A 7-euro admission fee will grant you access to the most revered palatial gardens in the world. The views from the Terrazzo dell’Infinito are worth the admission alone.,The Belvedere and surrounding scenery were an inspiration for D.H. Lawrence, who wrote “Lady Chatterley’s Lover” here, and described by Gore Vidal as “the best in the world.”,See the Villa Cimbrone and the best of Ravello with the All-Inclusive Amalfi Coast Tour. This day adventure with certified experts takes you through Ravello, Positano and Amalfi with lunch and a market shopping visit included! Book your tour here.,Ravello Festival,If you time your trip to Ravello well, you might be able to catch a concert at the Ravello Festival. It is held in the gardens of the ancient Villa Rufolo, where Wagner composed a major portion of his final opera in 1880, “Parsifal.”,Of Villa Rufolo, Wagner wrote “Il magico giardino di Klingsor è trovato” (the magical garden of Klingsor has been found). The town returned his appreciation and contribution by establishing the annual music festival in his honor.,So, if you’re planning a trip to Italy and  thinking of avoiding the Amalfi coast because of your budget, just remember you can save a significant amount of money by choosing wisely where to stay, eat and drink. It can be possible on almost any budget, so why miss out on the most beautiful place in the world?,Ready to getaway to the paradise that is the Amalfi Coast? Plan your escape to the beautiful beaches and cuisines dreams are made of. Check out transportation, hotels and insider knowledge through Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Kiwi is one of the best options for booking a travel package. From flights to buses and hotel rooms, Kiwi allows you to book together at one price to fit all of the different travel needs you have. Book everything you need in Amalfi here.,Author Bio: Joshua Faris is a freelance writer and photographer with an appetite for all things travel, culture and the arts. With a background in anthropology and history, his work scratches beneath the surface to uncover useful cultural insights and travel tips.,We all know that Rome is a favorite with travelers, but where do Romans themselves like to go in Rome? Here are 10 places the locals love.,Rome is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world. But have you ever wondered what places are favorites with the locals?  ,In order to find out what locations in Rome are the most popular amongst Italian locals, Autoclick.co.uk conducted a survey of 678 people in the Centro region of Italy.  Here are 10 places that Italians love to visit in Rome.,Coming in tenth on the list is a hill where you can get a stunning view of Rome — Gianicolo.,Gianicolo is close to the historic center, just above the Vatican, and those who venture to the top are rewarded with the sight of the city laid out before them.,If you go at noon, a cannon is fired – a tradition that dates back to the 19th century.,One of Rome’s best preserved ancient buildings, the Pantheon is an architectural marvel.,Almost two thousand years after it was built, the Pantheon’s dome is still the world’s largest unreinforced concrete dome.,The Piazza Navona is one of many squares in Rome, but it is possibly the most beautiful. This is a lively place to visit – the square has cafes, restaurants and fountains.,It is built on the site of the Stadium of Domitian, and was called the Circus Agonalis, or competition arena, because ancient Romans would gather there to watch competitions and games.,It’s now an open public space with the Fountain of the Four Rivers in the center. The piazza has been the gathering place for many theatre productions and Christmas markets.,Trastevere is full of character. It is the 13th rione — meaning a district in a town –of Rome, on the west bank of the Tiber and south of Vatican City.,To the north of Trastevere is the rione called Borgo. It is also near the Gianicolo hill. Trastevere  has many cobbled streets and ancient houses.,People love to wander its narrow passageways and take in the feeling of being in ancient Rome.,You’ll find many universities in Trastevere, and at night the area comes alive with excitement from local bars.,Piazza di Spagna draws tourists, locals and photographers because of its location and stunning archaeology.,The square sits at the base of the Spanish Steps, an elegant and large staircase. Trinità dei Monti is a French church in the square that draws visitors for its beauty.,St. Peter’s Basilica is the world’s largest church. The large dome is one of the world’s biggest. Once inside, the size becomes even more impressive and the opulent architecture draws the attention of visitors.,The central door is by the Florentine sculptor Antonio Averulino.The Holy Door stands on the right, cast in bronze by the sculptor Vico Consorti.,When you walk down the nave in the interior of the basilica, be sure to look at the floor as there are markings so visitors can compare the size to the world’s largest churches.,Dream of returning to Rome? Make sure to throw a coin over your shoulder into the fountain. Approximately 3,000 € are thrown into the fountain daily.,This fountain is more than a sculpture, it is a work of art that symbolizes the importance water has in Rome.,The Imperial Forums were an important aspect of politics and society in ancient Rome.,They are a series of public squares surrounded by impressive buildings. Many emperors contributed to the forums to gain public favor.,Old Rome is the historic Renaissance center of Rome. Old Town Rome is the city’s most charming.,Old Town is a district of Rome (Old Rome), and there are a number of hotels and apartments there as well as the Pantheon, Piazza Navona and the Temple of Hadrian.,Visiting Old Town allows travelers to check off a number of the locals favorite spots at once.,And coming in at number one is…,The Colosseum is the most popular attraction in the city, an iconic symbol of Imperial Rome. It attracts an average of 4 million tourists a year. The Colosseum is the world’s 39th most popular tourist destination.,Also known as the Flavian Amphitheatre, the Colosseum is made of concrete and sand. It is the world’s largest amphitheater and is located in the center of Rome.,[mappress mapid=”978″],The Night Safari hosts over 900 nocturnal animals and is just one stop along the route to a quiet beach in Sembawang Park., ,It was a typical humid, sleepy Saturday afternoon in Singapore. Instead of sweating it out cheek-by-jowl with the masses, I decided to escape north on a cool green bus ride to Sembawang Park.,I boarded the yellow Trans-Island bus number 167 on Scotts Road and settled back for a relaxing ride. Approximately 40 minutes later, it was like entering a long, leafy cocoon, with massive rain trees on both sides of the road. I could feel my tension ebbing away.,Farther along on my journey, I disembarked across the road from a row of shops at bus stop B35, and stopped by the air-conditioned The Prata Place. When I took my seat, I was enveloped by the heavenly fragrance of light-as-choux prata, essentially an Indian pancake.,Usually served with chicken curry or mutton, here it comes with many different fillings, such as pineapple, banana, mushrooms, strawberry and chocolate. I opted for a banana prata.,The edges were crispy, while the filling was creamy banana. SG $7 (US $4.50) buys a substantial meal, including teh tarik, literally “pulled tea,” which is poured back and forth from a mug to a glass. The result is frothy, full-bodied and sweet.,Two doors down from The Prata Shop is Han’s, an eatery run by a Hainanese family for the last two decades. It’s always been a popular choice for its pastries and western-style meals. The Hainanese have long had a reputation for being superb cooks of western fare, having worked for the British during Singapore’s colonial times.,Yo ng tau foo, a variety of deep-fried foods made from tofu, is the specialty at the coffee shop at the far end of the row. Each portion is served with lightly blanched vegetables, and everything is slathered with delicious, pale-brown gravy. Each entrée costs about SG $5. (US $3).,From here, bus 138 goes to the Singapore Zoo and the Night Safari. The Singapore Zoo is an “open” zoo where only rock walls and streams prevent the animals from escaping. Special attractions here include Children’s World, the Primate Kingdom, the sea lion and penguin gallery, the air-conditioned polar bear exhibit and a miniature railway. Among the zoo’s many endangered species is the world’s largest colony of orangutans.,The Night Safari is a nocturnal zoo that is adjacent to the Singapore Zoo. There are more than 900 nocturnal animals in eight zones that re-create various geographic regions, such as the Southeast Asian rainforest, African savanna, Nepalese river valley, South American pampas and Burmese jungle.,The Zoo and Night Safari are a major detour, however, and I get back on the next 167 bus and continue my journey. The bus enters Sembawang Road and passes by the Sembawang Golf Course (which is open to the public), then stops opposite the Sembawang Shopping Centre.,The five-story shopping center has a supermarket in the basement and a food court on the 4th floor that serves local fare. One of the best places to eat here is at the Singapore Satay Club, with its trademark tender, succulent Malay-style kebabs that are grilled on the spot.,There are also a number of stalls that offer typical mouth-watering Malay fare, such as mee goring (fried noodles), soto ayam (spicy chicken soup) and lontong (mixed vegetables in spicy coconut sauce).,I get on 167 again, and get off at the Sembawang bus interchange, which is next to the Sembawang MRT station. My journey’s not ended, though. I board bus 882 for the northernmost point of Singapore, the 15-acre Sembawang Beach Park.,When I step off the bus, my hair is whipped by the warm sea breeze. Sembawang Park is Singapore’s only park with a beach, and the fishing pier and beachfront are thronged with people on the weekends. It’s a big park, though, so there are still lots of quiet spots, especially early in the day. It’s a great place to explore, with an underground bunker from WWII and century-old trees.,Beaulieu House, a large colonial home with high ceilings, overlooks the beach. An admiral lived here until the late 1970s, but it’s now a restaurant. The trellised verandah atop the house is where, local lore says, he used to stand, scanning the waters and the nearby Malaysian shoreline.,I backtracked about 650 feet (200 m) out of the entrance of the park to Andrews Avenue. Townhouses along the first part of the avenue and a pub-and-grill called Buckaroo gave way to secondary forest on both sides of the road. It was a peaceful walk, shaded by the tropical rainforest canopy. Few vehicles came this way, and all I heard was the high-pitched drone of tropical crickets.,I soon came across a small mosque that still caters to regular worshippers. Once during mango season, I saw a group of people here harvesting mangoes from the trees that grow along the road.,At the end of the avenue is the Bottle Tree Village, a seafood restaurant. The name comes from the bottle trees growing here that were imported from Australia. To the right of the restaurant is the end point of the Simpang Kiri Park Connector, one of a green network of paved trails that spans 186 miles (300 km) across the whole of Singapore.,The Park Connector Network trails are usually found alongside the canals and rivers that flow through the island. They are green corridors that take walkers and cyclists away from traffic and exhaust fumes, and close to nature.,My bus excursion accomplished the same aim, taking me far from traffic and noise to a beautiful beach where I felt close to nature.,If You Go:,Singapore Tourism Board,www.visitsingapore.com,Singapore Zoo,www.zoo.com.sg,Night Safari,www.nightsafari.com.sg,I especially like the Creatures of the Night show, a half-hour show that demonstrates the natural abilities of about five species of animals. It’s worth catching at 8 p.m., 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. at the amphitheater, weather permitting. It’s free seating, and the lucky (or unlucky, depending on where you’re coming from) seat is where one of the animals in the show has deliberately been hidden. What kind of animal is it? Well, I’ll keep it a surprise; let’s just say you’ll have a wild, slithery time.,The Park Hoppers Special grants admission into both the zoo and Night Safari at a cost of SG $28 (US $18) for adults and SG $14 (US $9) for children.,Plan a getaway with your sweetheart in these 12 romantic destinations in Spain, Greece, Portugal, France, Italy and more.,If you could choose to go anywhere in Europe on a romantic getaway, would you choose a crowded big city like Paris or a small, tucked-away small town with narrow streets and castles?,There many wonderful destinations in the world, but European small towns are truly something special. That Old World charm mixed with a quieter, slower pace offers an intimate location to spend time together.,To help you plan a future romantic getaway in Europe, we’ve selected 12 of our favorite romantic small towns. Each one of these destinations is perfect for a honeymoon, anniversary or just a romantic getaway to rekindle your relationship.,Halfway between the two Pyrenean capitals, Madrid and Lisbon, lies the city of Merida, Spain. It was founded in 25 B.C. by veterans of the Roman army.,Merida has many buildings and architectural monuments from the time of the Roman Empire that have resisted the test of time.,Today, the longest Roman bridge, called the Puente Romano is a pedestrian zone and it is the biggest attraction in Merida.,The Roman theater and the Roman amphitheater are also worth visiting. Couples who love history and archeology will enjoy this beautiful Spanish city.,Find tours, private activities and exclusive offers around Merida with expert guides here.,Parga is a pretty little town on the Ionian Sea coast and is one of Greece’s most beautiful destinations. You know those movie scenes where a guy proposes to a girl in a romantic setting on the beach? That often happens in Parga.,This town is the shape of an amphitheater. It features three beautiful beaches and an old Venetian fortress from which you can admire all its beauty. In addition to the sea with pristine, crystal-clear water, numerous restaurants offer excellent seafood and Greek cuisine.,Arrange a day trip to the islands of Paxos and Antipaxos, located just across from Parga. You can also plan to visit Lefkada or Sivota.,Find trusted tours, private activities here. Check out options with GetYourGuide and their new flexible cancellation policy to make planning your trip stress free.,Upon arrival in Portugal, most tourists go to Lisbon or Porto, and eventually to Madeira. But, only 18.6 miles from the Portuguese capital is a town that can only be described as a fairytale — Sintra, Portugal.,When thinking of Europe, you may imagine kings, queens, princes and princesses. They fit right in here in Sintra, which has been a favorite destination for European royalty for centuries.,Sintra is located on the Atlantic coast, in west Portugal. Since the 16th century, Sintra has become a popular summer retreat of the Portuguese royal family; various kings built their palaces right here.,With its castles and parks, the central part of Sintra is one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The main attractions are Pena National Palace and the medieval Castle of the Moors.,You’ll want to book before to get a “skip the ticket line” pass to Pena Palace exclusively through GetYourGuide. You can book this option here for about $16.00 and free cancellation up to 24 hours in advance.,You can enjoy the hidden corners of the narrow cobblestone streets. You can also explore magnificent palaces and gardens or stop by a coffee shop to try some delicious cakes and appreciate fado music.,Sintra is definitely the most romantic westernmost town in Europe.,Nessebar consists of two areas. The new city is located on the coast, while the old town is located an island, connected to the coast by a narrow piece of land. The Nessebar Old Town is on the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list due to its rich history and exceptional cultural heritage.,Greeks, Ottomans and Christians have ruled this region for centuries, and you can still see marks of its eventful past today. The architecture features typical houses from the Ottoman period.,Its Christian heritage is displayed in several beautiful churches, such as the Church of St. Sophia, Church of St. Stephen and the Church of Christ Pantokrator.,Nessebar has been declared a city-museum. If an open-air museum is not enough to attract your attention, you can visit archeological and ethnographic museums.,You and your significant other can also wander the narrow streets, relax in the restaurants’ gardens, and find some beautiful souvenirs that will always remind you of your vacation and the charm of this picturesque town surrounded by the sea.,Do you know what the Statue of Liberty in New York and the city of Colmar have in common?,The common factor is Frederic Bartholdi. He is the man who designed the Statue of Liberty and grew up in the small French town of Colmar. Located in the Alsace region, the city of Colmar has frequently changed rulers for centuries.,Alternating rulers between Germany and France created a unique style within this city. The houses’ German architecture collides with the city’s Gothic-style buildings, like the Dominican Church, for a memorable and pleasing sight.,This lovely town is also called “Little Venice” because of the river canals. You can take a boat ride, walk past colorful houses with flowers, and relax with a glass of local wine in one of the many restaurants.,Try wines from the region before you go and prepare your tastebuds with the delivery of expert-selected bottles from Wine.com. Chat with personal wine-guides here and find the most interesting wines for you and a wine-lover in your life.,Make sure you visit the Unterlinden Museum as well as the Toy Museum.,This magnificent renaissance city is ideal for a romantic getaway in Europe. Florence is the world’s art capital. The Uffizi Gallery alone is visited by more than 1.5 million people every year.,To avoid waiting in long lines, be sure to buy museum tickets online in advance. You can find tickets for the Uffizi Gallery through GetYourGuide here.,The Accademia Gallery is also worth a visit. If you climb the stairs to the bell tower of the Duomo, you will discover an unforgettable view of Florence.,There are beautiful buildings, squares and museums worth visiting with a loved one. You can see the famous Ponte Vecchio bridge over the Arno River and then have a coffee in one of the nearby cafés.,Don’t forget to stop by the excellent jewelry shops, boutiques and souvenir shops.,Be sure to brush up on your Italian before you travel with Babbel. Find language lessons here for every level so you can learn the basics or become fluent for your adventures in Italy.,Located on seven hills in the valley of the Regnitz River, Bamberg is called the ” Franconian Rome.” Others might look it looks more like Venice, due to its river canals, Bamberg is a postcard-perfect town that is unique in many ways.,Founded more than 1,000 years ago, Bamberg was spared from bombing during World War II, so the old part of the city retains its characteristics from ancient times.,The main attraction is the Old Town Hall, located on the bridge. It is truly an unusual sight for many tourists.,The Bamberg Cathedral and the New Residence Palace, which houses the Bamberg State Library, are also worth visiting. You can take a romantic stroll around the beautiful rose garden, surrounding the palace.,Bamberg is also known for its exceptional brewing history. Today, the historic Schlenkerla brewpub is a not-to-be-missed stop for all smoked beer lovers.,Upon entering Cesky Krumlov, the sight of the castle towering over the Vltava River and the city will surely leave you breathless. The Czech Republic is known for its beautiful castles.,One of the main attractions within the medieval Cesky Krumlov castle is the baroque theater. Make sure to drop in to attend a show or baroque opera. As many as 40 buildings and palaces belong to this UNESCO-protected complex.,If you and your partner love art, you will enjoy the Egon Schiele Art Centrum. This excellent art gallery preserves significant works of modern art and holds temporary exhibits representing artists like Picasso and Dali.,After visiting all the cultural and historical sights, visit one of the river’s restaurants and enjoy a quality Czech beer. Cesky Krumlov is one of the most beautiful small towns in central Europe.,Check out one of the most popular tours here which takes you to Cesky Krumlov and České Budějovice from Prague for a day-trip. Get a full day of history, fun activities and a free lunch before returning to Prague or staying in the Czech city through GetYourGuide.,Bruges was a major trading center and one of the wealthiest cities in northern Europe during the Middle Ages. Today, the city center is under UNESCO protection. Neon signs and other details are banned from marring its beauty.,You can start your Bruges tour from Markt Square, which turns into a market once a week. There are also many restaurants, cafes and bars. Visit Burg Square, where the town hall is located. It was built in the 14th century and features interesting Gothic and Renaissance details.,The tallest building in Bruges is the tower of the Church of Our Lady, 400 feet high. Go inside to find Michelangelo’s masterpiece “Madonna with Child.” Among other main attractions are the Basilica of the Holy Blood and the seven-centuries-old Belfry Tower.,Art lovers should visit the Gruuthuse Museum and the Groeninge Museum of Fine Arts. Ladies will adore the Diamond Museum. Don’t forget to stop by the Bruges Beer Museum and the Fries Museum.,Make sure you try Belgian beers as well as various cheeses. And save the sweetest museum for last, check out the “Choco-Story” chocolate museum.,Don’t miss the Historium and travel back in time to the “Golden Age” of Bruges. Book your ticket here to skip the line and get a free local drink included. Find more day-trips and tours around Bruges here.,If you and your partner are looking for a unique tour of Bruges, you can rent a bike or take a dreamy boat ride. Finally, enjoy a romantic carriage ride for two.,Hallstatt is a village of only 1,000 inhabitants, located on the lake’s shores of the same name, below the alpine peaks in central Europe. It is one of the most photographed locations in Europe — and for good reason.,Amazingly, you can see the whole place in just two to three hours, most often as a day trip from Salzburg or Vienna. Although small, this village is worth visiting.,This picturesque fairytale village, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, looks like a postcard. You will be delighted with its natural beauty: a lake with the Alps’ snowy peaks in the background.,Take a romantic walk along the lake’s shore. You will be accompanied by flocks of swans on one side and pastel houses on the other. Sailing on the lake is a good idea if you want to see Hallstatt from a different perspective.,Visit Brunen Square, the World Heritage Museum and the Salt Mine (yes, they still mind salt here). The Five Fingers and Hallstatt Skywalk viewpoints offer a breathtaking view of Hallstatt and the surrounding area.,It will be an experience you won’t forget.,While visiting central Europe, Zermatt is a village in the Swiss canton of Valais, near the Italian border. Situated at 5,249 feet above sea level,  it is one of the world’s best ski resorts.,Interestingly, driving fuel cars is not allowed in the city; you can only use electric vehicles.,If you and your partner love winter and enjoy spending time in the snow, Zermatt will be the ideal destination for you. It is no wonder tourists come here mainly for skiing and hiking; there are 124 miles of ski trails in the area. The ski lifts go as high as 12,795 feet above sea level.,Impressively, more than 30 mountain peaks surround Zermatt. The Matterhorn is the most impressive and attractive mountain peaks worldwide. After a day out in the snow, you can spend a quiet evening at local bars and restaurants. Relax with music, food and drinks.,While you’re there, find souvenir shops, boutiques and pastry shops on the main street. To get to know the history of this destination better by visiting the Matterhorn Museum.,And, if you get bored with Zermatt, you can hop on a cable car to the nearby Italian ski center Cervinia.,Split, a city on the Adriatic coast in southern Europe, is known for its numerous cultural and historical monuments, such as Diocletian’s Palace, one of the world’s best-preserved Roman buildings.,You can book a 1.5 walking tour around Diocletian’s Palace here with a top-rated tour guide. Find other private activities around Split like the best-selling Blue Cave and 5 Day Island Trip tour through GetYourGuide here.,In Split, you can also see St. Domnius, the oldest Catholic cathedral. The Old Town of Split is practically an open-air museum.,During your trip to Split, visit the Mestrovic Gallery, an art museum with unique sculptures. You can explore Marjan Forest Park, a green oasis located on a hill above Split or go on a day trip to Dubrovnik and Plitvice Lakes.,Next, take a romantic stroll along the famous Riva promenade with charming cafes and restaurants. Because Dalmatia is also a renowned wine region, you can enjoy excellent local wines in Split restaurants or wineries.,Finally, bring your romantic getaway in Split to a close, sit on the beach and enjoy the sunset. The Mediterranean spirit of Split will hypnotize you.,Author’s Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski is inspired by writing about the most beautiful places in the world. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagna. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spend,Nymphenburg Palace was once the summer residence Bavaria’s historic Wittelsbach line, and it’s a beautiful place to visit in the fall season. At this stately palace outside of Munich,you can step back in time to Bavaria’s royal past.,It was almost indiscernible, but the Englischer Garten gave it away. Munich was changing.,Midday still turned tourists and locals alike into sticky-skinned creatures trying to avoid embarrassing sweaty contact on the subway.,But on occasion the temperature in the late evenings had dipped such that a shawl or, heaven forbid, a cardigan was called for.,Nonetheless, during the dog days of summer, I couldn’t believe that seasons could turn as they have been doing for the past few millennia.,The fallacy revealed itself, however, during a Sunday afternoon jog through the woods of Munich’s largest public park, the Englischer Garten.,Leaves were falling.,At first, I did a double take, worried that some blight had affected the stretch of horse chestnuts, which were strewing their leaves in front of my 11-minute mile.,Instead of the disfiguration of the Shakespearean-sounding blotch and bleeding canker, the brown markings seemed to be the normal stigmata of decidual drop. Autumn was coming to Germany.,I panicked. There was still so much to do!,Season-induced FOMO (fear of missing out) pushed up my heart rate and I raced back home faster than my personal best to plan my last week of holiday in Munich.,Museums could wait until the rainy weekends of the winter months. I needed to make full use of the sunshine and outdoors of Munich.,One name intersected the Venn diagram beautifully – Schloss Nymphenburg, known in English as Nymphenburg Palace.,Where better to spend the last warm days of the season than the summer residence of Bavaria’s historic Wittelsbach line?,With its own tram stop a mere 25 minutes from the city centre, I found myself at the palace quickly.,There was a mere five kilometers between the country estate, Schloss Nymphenburg, and the main royal residence in Munich (whose name incidentally adheres to the stereotype of German efficiency by being called the Residenz).,For all its physical proximity, approaching Schloss Nymphenburg from the tree-lined canal, one could  mistakenly think the tram had travelled much further to a different country perhaps, or even a different era altogether.,Such pomp and grandeur is rarely seen these days. For one thing, cities do not have the space to construct wide edifices. For the most part, we build up, not along.,With the palace seeming to stretch across the horizon, I struggled to sweep the entirety of the facade into the obligatory panorama shot.,Instead, I chopped the length of French Baroque architecture into a series of disjointed snaps, thereby losing the full impact of its grandeur and symmetry in the name of amateur photography.,Even on the small digital viewfinder of my camera, the sumptuous design shone through.,The immaculate white buildings gleamed off the display, the contrast heightened by the rosy triangular rooves of the pavilions.,Nymphenburg was more idealized than my childhood imaginings of the perfect dollhouse. However, this was no dollhouse, this was someone’s 490-acre palace.,Or had been.,As I began the tour of the main building, my initial awe at the frescoes and furnishings wore off to something I did not expect to feel amongst such opulence. I felt pity.,Nymphenburg was impressive, but it was also empty. For all its grand history, the great rooms were uninhabited, devoid of its former royal occupants and their associated events.,Even on a sunny afternoon, the inner chambers had only a few lethargic tourists circulating, attention split between the last possessions of a royal dynasty and the prospect of ice cream after the tour.,Navigating my way around the floor plan, I hastily took in the features of the former royal apartments.,Here was a room in which the Queen Consort of Bavaria once received guests and there was the room that the Swan King, Ludwig II, was born in.,Bereft of the full furnishings of those times, the momentous events seemed abstract concepts to me. I contented myself by looking at the pretty wallpaper instead.,Finishing my tour of the main building, I decided to fulfil my cultural duty and postpone my stroll through the manicured gardens until after a walk through the Marstallmuseum, a side wing of the palace filled with royal equipage.,I saw it more as an obligation rather than a pleasure, seeing as I had little interest in carriages, but as soon as I stepped into the dim passages of the museum, I was forced to change my view.,Here, objects from fairytales were manifested. Stretching down the entire length of the converted stables were giant baubles of splendour and gold. There was so much gold.,I had never seen a royal carriage before, shunning the crowds of U.K. royal pageants in favour of viewing the spectacle with a cup of tea in front of the telly.,Even if I had gone to Harry and Meghan’s procession through Windsor earlier this year, I doubt their carriage could match the outrageous gilt of the Wittelsbach’s.,It was glittering, insane indulgence of a like not seen since the days of absolute European monarchism.,And those days were over.,Now all that remains of Holy Roman Emperor Charles Albert’s Coronation are a few incredible relics scattered in museums and private collections.,Which when pieced together can only allude to the grandeur of the 1741 occasion.,Every night, Schloss Nymphenburg closes to visitors and its prestigious rooms are empty. It is a mausoleum to Bavarian history.,As I walked through the Nymphenburg gardens on my way back to the tram, I noticed that the leaves here too had begun to drop. It seemed only fitting.,If you are in Munich for more than a day it is certainly worth investing in a three-day Tageskarte for public transport.,You can then hop on and off any form of public transport within the inner ring. That includes the tram ride up to the nearby Schloss Nymphenburg.,It is also worth investing in a seasonal card if you will be around in Bavaria for a while and/or want to see more than one castle and/or have a partner or family.,Depending on your specific combination of the above, you can make great savings on visiting a number of popular sights including Schloss Nymphenburg, the Residenz and Schloss Neuschwanstein (aka the original Disney castle).,Bavarian Tourism Office
https://www.bavaria.by/,Munich Tourism
https://www.munich.travel/en-gb,Nymphenburg Palace
Visit https://www.schloesser.bayern.de/deutsch/schloss/objekte/jahresk.htm for details.,Author Bio: Freelance writer Himmi Kari has written for a number of online publications on topics ranging from the latest medical news to theatre reviews. She was also a shortlisted finalist for the 2017 Travelex “Next Great Travel Writer” competition. She is currently based in Munich, Germany and is working on her first novel.,Getting lost on Mt. Sinai leads to a front row seat for one of nature’s amazing displays.,So there I was. All alone. At 2:15 am. Lost at the base of Mt. Sinai.,I scanned with my flashlight, desperate to find even the faintest indication of a footpath. Did three rocks in a seeming line constitute a proper boundary? I saw a slight incline with hardly any rocks. Was that the beginning of a heavily traveled trail?,How I managed to lose 50 hikers on one of the most toured mountains in the world is a feat that would impress even Moses. Sure, I can’t turn a rod into a snake and back again, but if he had my skills of navigation and evasion, Moses and the Levites would’ve shaken off the pesky Egyptians and reached the Promised Land in no time. They probably wouldn’t have had to waste precious God favors in splitting the Red Sea.,Two hours earlier, I had been crammed in the back corner of a minibus in Dahab, a budget traveler’s paradise on the Gulf of Aqaba. I first heard about the town on a Luxor-bound bus from Cairo. I sat next to a Pennsylvanian–turned–English student with chronic fatigue syndrome.,Just before dozing off, she said “Dahab isn’t like Cairo,” where she had to jog in the morning wearing sweat pants and a shirt. Cairo is a conservative place and women better cover up if they don’t want to arouse too much attention. “In Dahab, you can wear tank tops and shorts. It’s just like southern Europe,” she told me.,Dahab is laid back and cheap. Many travelers end up spending months in the town as diving courses are offered as abundantly as the fresh seafood. After snorkeling or windsurfing, visitors grab mango juice and listen to the Reggae music of Bob Marley. They eat kebabs and smoke a sheesha (Arabian smoking pipe) later that night. The name of a souvenir shop says it all: Cleopatra Rasta Shop.,One of the few landlubber excursions is a nocturnal three-hour hike up to Mt. Sinai (7,496 feet or 2,285 meters above sea level), timed perfectly to observe the sunrise from the pinnacle.,The tour minibus included a couple of other Americans, four Slovenian guys, two Danes with convincing American accents and also a French contingent. We were assured that the clear paths would make it an easy hike. Carrying a map was optional ― there were going to be so many people there. Just follow the leader.,After a two-hour drive, we arrived at the base of the mountain, just below St. Catherine’s monastery, which was founded in 300 CE and houses what is believed to be a direct descendant of the Burning Bush. According to the Old Testament, God used the Burning Bush to speak to Moses.,As soon as I left the bus, I headed for the bathroom to put on pants and a sweater. The temperature had dropped at least 50 degrees F (10 C) from the daytime high. It was only going to get colder and windier during the climb. By the time I double-checked my gear and clothing, and put on my earphones, there were only six people left at the base.,I was not going to be the last one to the top, so I began power walking. This was the mistake. I began racing, competing with a pack of world-class hikers who burst out of the vans and sped up the mountain, leaving a flurry of dust behind them that settled by the time I crossed the same area.,They had scaled past so many turns up the mountain that I could no longer hear their stampeding or see the glow of their flashlights. Moses had a pillar of fire guiding him at night. A sympathetic firefly would have been enough for me.,I made out the shapes of two camels and three Bedouins. They were presumably headed for the main camel camp, where the animals can be hired as an alternative to hiking. The camp had to fall on the main path, I thought, so I followed. As I approached them, one of the men seemed extremely tall and was walking with an unnatural gait that somehow felt threatening, like the lanky walk of a volatile alcoholic in a parking lot, or the deceptive swaying of a martial artist fighting in the drunken style.,Naturally, I tried to get closer. I couldn’t shine my flashlight directly onto the figures, but the moonlight finally revealed that the dangerous man was actually just a malnourished camel. So I followed the threecamels and two Bedouins.,We came upon the silhouette of the monastery. I paused to orient myself according to the map I was shown in Dahab. The map was simple enough that I was able to memorize it. “There are two trails,” the man at the tourist office had explained, “both begin just past these two pillars. The one that turns to the right is the much faster, but steeper Steps of Repentance. Straight past the pillars is the easier but longer Camel Path.”,I saw the pillars, gained my bearings and also managed to lose sight of the camels and Bedouins. But I saw a faint, stationary glow in the distance. That had to be the camp.,I reached the camp by climbing over rocks and entering the wrong side. I saw dozens of resting camels as I walked gingerly around them. The animals’ legs were bent under their large bodies.,looked at me as groggy, overworked creatures would. They wondered what I wanted, wondered why I’d chosen such a silly entrance, but were too tired to help. I smiled at them, apologizing for the earlier-than-normal wake-up call. I approached the men, huddled around burning lanterns. They were wearing turbans and long, draping gowns. With gestures, I asked for the path and the men pointed.,The path was indeed well-delineated. I continued to power walk, optimistic that I would still be able to catch up with the crowd. Even though the path was clear, there is safety in numbers, and I never underestimate my ability to screw up.,Walking in the dark had one very powerful psychological advantage. I never knew how much farther. I couldn’t tell how much higher and didn’t fear coming upon a particularly steep section. Because I could see only six feet (1.8 m) ahead, the hike became a chain of manageable steps and not a protracted battle of Biblical proportions.,I stopped after a half hour to remove my sweater and to tighten my large fanny pack that had begun to slide down, hampering my stride. I found a flat rock and sat down for a few moments. The moon, while only an eighth full, was bright enough to cast my shadow. I left my flashlight turned off.,The moonlight shone through a perfectly clear sky and illuminated the rugged, arid terrain with a faint blueness. It bleached away the colors, transforming a presumably ruddy palette to a desolate monotony; the color of steel, of the moon itself. Newly visible stars formed constellations I had never seen. A group emerged to resemble a near perfect circle, like the studded collar of a massive canine or that of an even more terrifying suburban punk.,I extended my arms skyward. I formed a rectangle by connecting my thumbs and forefingers. I counted the stars within this frame, each knuckle spanning trillions of miles, eclipsing entire solar systems. Each wrinkle of my finger the size of worlds within which a similarly predisposed creature was counting the stars along with me. The universe is of unimaginable bigness and the number of habitable planets still so vast that the possibility of an alien creature mimicking my actions was, I believe, very likely.,But my interstellar communion was interrupted by a flickering army of flashlights. There they were. But they were below me, behind me. As I would later find out, all the other hikers had prepped themselves in the courtyard of a small cafe. They were obstructed from my view by a wall of minivans. I did not lose them ― I ran past them. I had been racing no one. I pointed my light at them. Dot-dash-dot dash-dot-dash dot-dash-dot.,One of the hikers reciprocated. There I was, having a Moses moment. I had been utterly convinced of my failure as a pathfinder when I suddenly found myself as a leader. My flashlight was a beacon, my stride set the pace. But I had become accustomed to the silence and the light. I didn’t want a cacophony of footsteps and foreign accents messing the whole thing up. I turned off my light and walked away. Unlike Moses, I left my people behind.,An hour and a half later, I was at the final 350 steps. A Bedouin merchant said it was too early, nobody was up there yet, and that I should buy some of his overpriced chips and tea. Halfway up, it seemed the Bedouin had a point. I refused to rest throughout the entire way, and my body began to shake. Moses had a walking stick.,My trembling knees were begging for one. But I reminded myself that if an 80-year-old man with slippery sandals walked up this mountain and came down carrying two stone tablets, I had nothing to complain about. I was carrying a camera, some chocolate-chip cookies and two juice boxes. It was hardly a load to warrant divine intervention. So I just kept walking.,I was not the first to the top. Three guys had taken the Steps of Repentance. Three others had camped out from the previous day. Another merchant approached me, offering to lend me his blanket for US$ 1.50. I asked him where the sun was going to rise. I situated myself near the edge, wrapped myself in the blanket, took out one of the juice boxes and waited.,During the next 90 minutes, people began piling into the area. Some were quick to sleep. Others began to eat. Some stargazed.,It began sometime after 5 a.m. It’s hard to give an exact minute to an event that is part of a seamless process. A thin white thread of a satellite appeared over the horizon, in competing luminescence with the bright fingernail clipping of the moon. The light was elegant, demure in the company of stars and the faint dusting of the Milky Way galaxy. Somewhere east ― was it Saudi Arabia? India? How far could we see? ― the white thread quickly unraveled, expanding in a spectrum that leaked orange over the landscape, over everything.,And then a fierce orange disc rose and set the lunar desolation, the silent eloquence of blues on fire. In its unyielding march westward, the disc claimed territories under this orange glow, increasing its dominion with every passing moment. In time, those of us on the mountain also submitted to its presence and somewhere in Morocco or Spain, it was still dark and quiet.,“The smoke billowed up from it like smoke from a furnace, the whole mountain trembled….” ― Exodus 19:18,We witnessed the vast, beautiful dance between night and day, a process that determines our concept of time but is timeless itself, which gives rhythm to seen and unseen occurrences that repeat over days, years, eons and which is undoubtedly linked to cosmic forces beyond Hubble’s scope, beyond astrophysical explanation, beyond even the most informed imagination.,This process is hinged upon systems in a god-sized mobile, teetering and swaying in delicate balance, measured no longer by human numbers but with words invented to capture the unfathomable: for-ever, every-thing. Things as massive as planets and as small as rocks and sleepy, hungry people on a mountain top. This is what it feels like to feel the Earth move, to identify one’s self as a microscopic ― but no less integral ― participant of the dance.,If You Go,There are daily buses from Cairo to Dahab. Make sure to buy your ticket a few hours before departure, as seats can fill up quickly. It is an 8-9 hour drive to Dahab. Expeditions to Mt. Sinai are nightly and are organized by many agencies in Dahab.,Egypt Ministry of Tourism,www.egypttourism.org,Sinai Homepage,www.geographia.com/egypt/sinai, ,The once lost city of Petra, hidden in a deep canyon in southwest Jordan, is an archaeological site rivaling any in the world. Here’s an inside look at this magnificent historical treasure.,The once lost city of Petra, hidden in a deep, canyon in southwest Jordan, is an archaeological site rivaling any in the world for its grandness, artistry and compelling history dating back to 400 BC. At one time, 20,000 people lived in Petra, known as the Rose City for its pastel rock walls. Although many civilizations have been part of Petra’s history, it was ancient Nabataeans who created the mesmerizing facades seen across the canyon today. Exploring Petra—the most popular attraction in Jordan—requires walking long distances in desert heat. The route past the city’s main sites is approximately six miles from start to finish, and back again. Go early in the morning to avoid the high heat of the day and take water. Visit Little Petra, too, the nearby more compact site that serves as a good entry point to understanding Petra’s history and carvings.,Some useful travel tips for your perfect trip to Petra:,A few miles north of Petra is Little Petra, in the land of the Ammareen people. Although it doesn’t have the grand scale of its more famous neighbor, Little Petra, most likely an ancient caravan staging area for Petra, has charm of its own.,Little Petra’s quieter, more intimate setting includes pathways and intriguing carved stairs leading up and around the hills offering close-up access to carvings and shallow interiors.,Stalls near the entrance to Little Petra are stocked with Bedouin art and wares. There are also Bedouin tent camps nearby that make a good overnight base for those who want to join a guided hike the back way into Petra or simply experience authentic local hospitality.,As you walk into the second wide-open area in Little Petra, steep steps on the left lead up to the evocative Painted House. Inside is one of the only Nabataean painted interiors to survive through the centuries, a work of delicate flowers and vines. A cherubic Pan, showing Hellenistic influence, is among the exquisite images still visible.,If you’re a hiker, consider walking through the stark, dramatic terrain—up and down steps, along dusty high ridges, through occasional groves of trees—to the back entrance of Petra, a three- to four-hour hike. It’s imperative to have an experienced guide, one who knows this land and the not-always-obvious trail, which covers seven-plus miles. Once in Petra, it’s another six miles through the city to the main front gate and nearby hotels.,The trail at Petra isn’t extremely difficult, but neither is it for the faint of heart. There are places to test even a skilled hiker’s nerve, places where the trail all but disappears into narrow rock ledges with harrowing drop-offs, though the trail has been improved in recent years. Still, going with a reputable guide is smart. Quality hiking shoes, layers of clothing and plenty of water are a must.,Most visitors enter Petra via the main gate, following pathways to the siq, a winding slot canyon with towering walls that eventually opens up to Petra’s masterpiece, the Treasury, Al-Khazneh. Unlike Hollywood’s version in Indian Jones and the Last Crusade, there are no vast rooms beyond the doorway, no priceless artifacts. The true treasure here is the artistry of the complex exterior. Although crowded, the candlelit nighttime shows add a mystical quality (and separate fee). Those who hike into Petra from the back reach the Treasury in late-afternoon light, without crowds and with time to ponder its mysteries.,For those entering or leaving Petra via the main gate, look up as you stroll the one-mile route between the gate and the Treasury. The Nabataeans who created Petra touched nearly every available rock surface. These tombs are eroded yet still evocative, especially when bathed in the deepening light of the afternoon sun.,From a distance, Petra appears to be comprised of structures, the striking ruins of a long-ago city. But these are not buildings. They’re works of art meticulously cut by hand out of the rose-rock walls. A few have small chambers behind them, primarily used as burial sites, but the doors of most lead to nothing. Petra is an elaborate illusion of gifted artists.,If you yearn to ride a camel in a memorable setting, this is it. If you need a break from all the walking, camels deliver. Drivers and their desert beasts can be found all along the main drag from the Treasury, past the Theater and beyond, waiting to pick up fares. Camels are part of Petra’s long history, as natural here as the sand and stone.,Petra was created by the Nabataeans but was also inhabited by Romans and Crusaders, among others, and finally Bedouins. Nowhere is the Roman influence more palpable than on Cardo Maximus, a wide thoroughfare once defined by graceful columns and magnificent gates.,There’s every reason to leave the main trail within Petra. There are steps to climb, side paths to explore and natural or manmade features that grow more impressive the closer you look. These steps lead to the ruins of a Roman temple above Cardo Maximus, hints of its former grandeur still visible.,Signs of a multitude of cultures converging in Petra are clearly visible as you stroll along the grand Cardo Maximus. Here the road faces the East Cliff with four ancient Nabataean burial chambers known as the Royal Tombs. The Silk Tomb’s waves of colored sandstone should be viewed up close. Today, people from across the world walk this road where Petra’s contemporary Bedouin culture thrives, too.,Stay on the valley floor and you’ll miss an amazing part of Petra—the Monastery and views 800 steps up from the main city. Walking is the best way to preserve the ancient steps, but if you can’t, you can hire a donkey (for a price). Your reward for the climb is an astonishing view across the landscape. From here it’s easy to see how Petra is all but invisible—and thus safe from marauders—even when you know its location.,The Monastery, Ad-Deir, is arguably the most impressive and powerful façade in all of Petra, not for the intricacies of its carvings but for its staggering grandness. You have to stand in front of it to truly appreciate its enormity. The doorway alone rises 26 feet. This is one façade with a sizeable room behind it, one reportedly once used by early Christians to practice their religion away from Roman eyes.,After all the ups and downs, the sun and heat and sweat, hikers round a corner to come face-to-face with the Monastery, which seems to rise from nowhere out of the mountain from which it’s carved. This is also the end of the trail for those who enter Petra from the main gate and make the final climb up 800 steps to the top of the cliffs. However you come to it, it’s not to be missed. Those who hike in venture down to the canyon floor to view the city for the first time, while those who climbed up from below turn around here to stroll back through Petra, seeing it in a new way and new light. If walking becomes too much, hail a camel or a carriage driver to carry you part of the way.,Author Bio: Christine Loomis is a longtime journalist who has covered travel and lifestyle topics for multiple print and online publications. She has been editor-in-chief of three magazines and regularly provides reviews, content and photo galleries for USA Today 10best. She serves on the board of the Society of American Travel Writers (SATW).,Politics and backgrounds may try to divide us, but while traveling in Poland, a visitor finds that regular people, put face to face, can enjoy common ground.,The day started in Krakow’s Kazimierz neighborhood, with strong coffee and sweet tea in a rustic café called Mlynek. Because we were in a hurry, we grabbed a set of take-away pastries that we ate while walking from our flat’s neighborhood, past the Wawel, and into the heart of Old Town Krakow in Poland, where our guide for the day waited with half a dozen others.,A woman in a pant suit looked my 12-year-old son and me over. “Alex and Eric?” she asked. We nodded. “Welcome. I am Ewa. We will have good excursion today, I think. Please, to join the others.”,We thanked Ewa and walked over to the other day-trippers along the pedestrian square’s stone wall: a couple from London who were best friends and co-workers; a mother and adult daughter from Jordan; and Colin and Gwen from Scotland.,“Where in Scotland are you from?” I asked.,“Edinburgh,” Gwen answered. “It’s been a few years since we’ve had the opportunity to travel. We’re really quite enjoying Krakow.,“We are too,” Alex said.,“I loved Edinburgh,” I reminisced. “Spent a week there with my wife a few years ago. I guess when you live in a place that rich with culture and history, you don’t need to get away as much.”,Colin chuckled. “You know how backyard syndrome is. You probably saw more of our city during your week than we have in two decades.”,“Like my Polish friend back home,” Alex said. “When I told him about some of the places we were planning to visit here in Krakow, he said even he hadn’t been to them — and he visits his grandparents in Poland for a month every summer.”,Gwen smiled. “Has he been to Zakopane?”,Alex nodded. “Yes. But not Wroclaw or Gdansk.”,Ewa chimed in. “Zakopane is very popular with locals, so it’s not a surprise that your friend visited. It’s the most popular winter destination, our ‘winter capital.’ You will like it, I think.”,Ewa looked at each of us in turn. “Shall we go?” Everyone agreed, and climbed onto the cozy van.,Poland’s winter capital — Zakopane — is 110 kilometers, or a few hours, from Krakow, making it a nice getaway from the bustling city. The drive or train ride itself is worth taking, providing great views of the Polish countryside, dotted with old wooden cottages and farms.,Our group stopped at one of the colorful wooden homes, belonging to Jan Zieder, an artist whose father, Ewa explained, built the house he lives in, which also serves as his studio. Jan sculpts everything from crucifixes and saint sculptures for churches to decorative furniture and souvenirs for private collections. We picked up a dozen eggs — hand-carved and painted wooden eggs.,Zakopane was filled with the same types of alpine buildings of wood, complete with restaurants, hotels, and shops. After a tour of the Villa Koilba Museum, highlighting the history of the local people with artifacts and pictures, we continued to climb up the shop and kiosk-lined walkway until we arrived at another wooden structure — the Polish answer to the log cabin — where Ewa turned to us.,“This is a good restaurant to sample local flavor. I invite you to join me for lunch. If you prefer, you can tour the area on your own and we can meet here in an hour. Who is with me?”,Local flavor was on the menu for me and Alex. The Scottish couple joined us as well. Alex went for the tried-and-true pierogi, these ones filled with cabbage instead of potatoes and meat. I enjoyed a meal of hearty cabbage, sausage, and boiled potatoes smothered with fresh dill. Instead of the usual cold beer, we opted for their hot, spiced beer. “It’s quite interesting,” Ewa encouraged.,Colin was the first brave partaker. “Hmm. Unusual.”,I sipped. The hot beer was laced with mulling spices: notable hints — no, bites — of clove, cinnamon, and nutmeg. “It reminds me of that hot spiced red wine served in Germany,” I said.,Ewa nodded. “Gleuhwein. I’ve heard that comparison before.”,“Not bad,” Gwen said. “But I’d prefer a hot toddy.”,“Or a cold Scottish Ale,” I offered.,“Maybe you should just have a Hoop Cola,” Alex said, enjoying his own Polish answer to the Coke or Pepsi question.,Ewa swiftly shed small talk for direct discussion. “You’re American, yes? What do you think about your Trump?”,“I try not to,” I said. I’d almost considered buying the tee-shirt before this trip that read “I’m sorry about our president” in multiple languages, including Polish.,“I can’t say that I blame you.” Colin smirked. “He’s a bit hard to take seriously, isn’t he?”,“It’s serious,” Ewa insisted. “He can cause some serious problems. But so can our president. Polish people — many of us — are not happy with Andrzej Duda. He is not kind to many peoples — Jews, foreigners, refugees. He’s like a Polish Putin.”,Gwen nodded. “Of course, we have no room talk in UK. We have our Brexit.”,“It does seem like the world is taking a swing for the worse,” I admitted.,“Poland has already seen the worst.” Ewa sighed. “Like my professor.” Ewa ordered another round of drinks — we opted for cold ones this time — and proceed to tell us of hard times.,“I graduated from Jagiellonian University, in Krakow. Perhaps you saw Collegium Maius, the oldest surviving building from the college that dates to the 1300s?” We all nodded, having toured the building in Krakow’s Old Town. “You know who else graduated from there?” Ewa asked.,Alex remembered from our tour. “Copernicus.”,“Yes.” Ewa smiled at Alex. “Copernicus is an important alumnus. But to me, the most important person at that university was my favorite professor, who was still teaching there, on occasion, when he turned 100. When asked what the secret to long life was, he said, ‘don’t live an easy life.’ He did not.,During the Nazi occupation, the professors were rounded up and sent to death camps. He survived, and returned to his position as a professor, only to be rounded up by the occupying Soviets and thrown into a labor camp. For more than 10 years he suffered in these two inhumane camps. Then, he returned to Collegium Maius to teach again — which is when I attended. He was a hero to me.”,“That’s very impressive,” Colin said.,“He suffered because of bad political leaders. I fear that the direction of the world — with Duda and your Trump, Putin and your Brexit. Intolerance is spreading across the globe, and we could one day see a return to those dark times.”,“Keep in mind,” I offered, “that at any given time, even when things may seem drastic, it’s usually by a very small margin that one side or another wins. At least in American politics. The last election was won by a sliver of a margin, meaning half of Americans voted the other way.”,Ewa frowned. “A sad world, where even slightly more than half of people would vote for division instead of inclusion.”,“Well said.” Colin swallowed the last of his Polish beer. “Now, shall we Brexit — that is, exit — and meet up with the others?” It had been an hour, lost in Polish cuisine, drink, and political conversation. When we exited the cozy wooden restaurant, we found the other two couples assembled there.,At a small wooden smokehouse, we sampled some oscypek (sheep’s cheese), salty, smooth, and delicious. Then, we enjoyed a scenic cable car ride to Mount Gubalowka. Both from the mountain, and from the upper section of Zakopane, the views of the Tatra Mountains, bordering Poland and Slovakia, were breathtaking.,For hikers and backpackers, Zakopane and the Tatra Mountains offer many moderate to difficult trails to explore. We didn’t have time during this visit for a proper hike, although we did a lot of walking as we enjoyed the view.,As we rode home, passing horse-drawn carriages much like the ones seen in Amish areas in Pennsylvania and Ohio, it seemed hard to imagine that the world was becoming more divided.,Here in the bus, with the driver and guide included, we had couples representing Poland, Scotland, England, Jordan, and America, all enjoying an excursion together along the Polish countryside. Everyone got along just fine, like normal adults. Some politicians may divide, but regular people, put face to face, seem to easily and eagerly work together to enjoy common ground.,There are a number of ways to get from Krakow to Zakopane, the most popular and efficient being the bus or train. However, it’s worth paying a little more, if your time is limited and you’re only spending a day, to hire a driver or go with a tour company for a day-tour.,Many companies offer day-tours that include transportation, stops along the way at interesting sights, lunch, a cable-car ride to the mountains, museum admission, and a guided tour of popular sights, all for around $100 per person. The conversations—political or not—come at no extra charge and are part of the fun!,You can book such tours before you go to Poland at such places as Trip Advisor, Viator, your travel agent, or the service you use to book your flights and/or hotels. A day trip from Krakow is well worth it; if you have time to spare, an overnight would be even better., ,Author Bio: Eric D. Goodman enjoys travel as much as he does writing. He’s author of Womb: a novel in utero (2017), Tracks: A Novel in Stories (2011) and Flightless Goose (2008). His travel stories and short fiction have been published far and wide. Eric lives with his wife, Nataliya, and children, Alex and Nicole, in Baltimore, where he curates the popular Lit & Art Reading Series. Learn more at www.EricDGoodman.com or connect at www.Facebook.com/EricDGoodman., ,Elayne Jude offers her fashionable insight on what to wear when visiting a Muslim country.,Some years ago, a famous female correspondent and pioneering consultant on gender issues was invited to the Middle East to work on post-conflict reconstruction. She rang up her friend, the fashion editor of a big woman’s magazine, and popped the question: what on earth should she wear?,“Pink combats,” replied the oracle. And that’s how the correspondent was so often mistaken for one of Gaddafi’s personal bodyguards, the only other women (people?) in the Middle East who wore pink fatigues.,My recent visit to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia followed a similar trajectory; jumping right in at the shallow end, and paddling in circles.,As research associate and freelance writer/photographer, I accompanied a UK thinktank to Riyadh, to chronicle the trip.,Invited by the Saudi government and sponsored by the Saudi British Friendship Group on a short study visit to meet key players in the bilateral relationship and discuss topics from social reforms to international defense interests, we had to prioritize. Syria, Gaza, Egypt, Iran, South Yemen; the pressing list of regional crises must wait till we’d sorted out: What will the women wear?,This is an intimidating place for a first visit. The British Embassy in Riyadh is keen on British ladies wearing abayas, although the Saudi Embassy in London doesn’t make a fuss.,I didn’t want to wear an abaya, which I think oppressive – physically, psychologically, and symbolically – but I did want to be safe, show respect, feel comfortable and avoid giving offence.,Having travelled in several Muslim countries, I’ve experienced the approval a Western woman gets from men there when she dresses modestly.,I also adore dressing up.,So I created my own fantasy version of appropriate Islamic dress out of loose flowing gowns, slightly outsized, long cardigans, bits of lace and manila, silk scarves and fine cotton shawls.,This is flamboyant, but not flippant. It’s not intended to insult women who wear proper Islamic clothing, of whatever degree.,At my hotel, an international chain with an American flavor, I do see several white Western women in full abaya, heads bare at breakfast but ready to wrap up for the outside world.,I detect a certain kind of fancy dress glee in their wearing this garment. Maybe that’s only possible when wearing it is not compulsory, habitual, and absolutely critical and central to your whole functioning as a citizen of this country.,My alternative costume makes a fine distinction, which may be decipherable only to me. By rejecting a garment which is obligatory for women here, yet accepting that it is customary to be very modestly dressed, I feel I’m asserting my right to adopt a voluntary code, instead of accepting a statutory duty.,Looking at the Saudi men I meet, they are, with the exception of faces and necks, as covered as any woman in an abaya.,Like the monotonous black of the women’s costumes, the mens’ shining white djellabahs and red and white check headscarves show more uniformity than variation.,In the low seating of a traditional Saudi reception, they look more comfortable and elegant than our Western men, whose business suits bunch up at the shoulders and between the jacket buttons, and show far too much sock.,My only moment of doubt comes when, discarding my shoes to sit for pre-dinner conversation, I remember that I’m not wearing socks, and wonder if I am committing some dreadful breach of etiquette by displaying bare toes.,Never mind. Trailing gowns have many uses. I sip my cardamom coffee with a straight back and clear conscience, tucking bare toes into my hem, snug as a family of baby mice., , ,Interesting article and thanks for sharing. Modesty is the key, the rest is to your creativity to make it elegant, feel good for you and whatever other look you want to give it. I must admit, I feel easier wearing an Abaya in Saudi Arabia, gives me more freedom to move about, but in the rest of the middle east and Muslim countries, I stick to my Tunics, which have to look good/elegant, a scarf and/or hat and trousers mostly to the ankles. On another note, I also make it a point to dress modestly, when I intend to visit ANY religious institution. Most mosques have arrangements of Abayas/Cloaks etc., however have seen Cathedrals not alloweing you to enter, of you have sleeveless tops, transparent dresses or deep necklines.,I like your suggestions. I wonder if a non-muslim woman could just wear a hat or a knotted scarf instead of a hijab to cover hair (see image below),hair.http://www.haircoverings.com/head-scarves-tichels/solid-grassy-green-head-scarves.html?gclid=CKiT0eCUkLYCFWpnOgod_3oAyw,and does it have to be black? The muslim girls at my school wear various colors.,Thank you for sharing!,Do you want to travel again? Here are 10 quotes to start your next adventure.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Beware of missing chances, otherwise, it may be altogether too late someday.,Try and fail, but don’t fail to try.,The achievement of one goal should be the starting point of another.,Life is like a cup of tea. The sugar is all at the bottom.,By failing to prepare you are preparing to fail.,Our greatest ability as humans is not to change the world but to change ourselves.,Think for yourself, or others will think for you without thinking of you.,All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered. The point is to discover them.,It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.,Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.,Author Bio: Sandy Page is a life-long adventurer. In her free time, she reads and consumes copious amounts of hot beverages.,The Silk Road Route in Uzbekistan is loaded with historic and beautiful sights as well as welcoming people. Visit now before word gets out.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Tell anyone you’re going on holiday to Uzbekistan and the reaction is unlikely to be warm and fuzzy. Blank stares were the most common reaction I encountered in the days leading up to my departure.,It also didn’t help my state of mind to read accounts of tourists fallen foul of Uzbek authorities’ aversion to certain prescription medicines.,But I was in for a surprise. Uzbekistan is opening to the world at a remarkable pace and warmth and hospitality were the order of the day everywhere I went. With a growing list of countries whose citizens can visit with minimal visa fuss, independent travel has never been easier.,Yet there is almost none of the cynicism and hassle that one sometimes encounters at more established tourist destinations.,One of Uzbekistan’s defining characteristics is its location astride the Silk Road, a series of ancient trade networks linking China with Europe and East Africa.,The merchants’ caravans brought wealth and power to the urban centres along their route. But the cultural connections they fostered contributed to the emergence in the region of seats of learning and artistic endeavour. These rivalled, and even surpassed, the great cities of Europe in the Middle Ages.,Today, this legacy lives on in the richly textured domes, soaring portals and tapered minarets of Samarkand, Bukhara and Khiva. About two hours by high-speed train from the capital Tashkent, Samarkand is bound to impress and delight in equal measure.,Registan Square, surrounded on three sides by centuries-old madrassas (Islamic schools), is the first port of call for most visitors to the city. However, opportunities for memorable exploration are everywhere. The imposing tombs of Shah-i-Zinda, tiled in blue and turquoise and thronged with pilgrims, are a magical place to visit at any time.,Furthermore, the broad avenues and ornate facades of Samarkand’s Russian Quarter are more reminiscent of a European city than anything one might expect to find in Central Asia.,Travelling west to Khiva, long notorious as a centre of the Central Asian slave trade, it is easy to imagine the wonderment of visitors to the city in centuries past. Completely surrounded by distinctively sloping walls, Khiva is a car-free warren of narrow winding streets, punctuated by mosques, madrassas and the occasional museum that was once a merchant’s stately mansion.,The city is also home to the Kalta Minor Minaret, which must rank as of one of Central Asia’s most iconic landmarks. Sitting squatly on Khiva’s main thoroughfare and covered entirely in brilliant blue tiles, the minaret was to be the highest in the world when it was commissioned by Mohammed Amin Khan in 1851.,However, the Khan was assassinated before it could be completed, and his more frugal successor immediately called off the project, leaving the minaret in its perpetually unfinished state. ,In many ways, western Uzbekistan is a land apart from the rest of the country. It is remote and sparsely populated. However, the region’s unique character is underscored by the fact that a large swathe of it has been designated the Republic of Karakalpakstan.,It is technically autonomous but in practice, it’s one of the poorest parts of the country. Yet the people here are welcoming and the opportunities for exploration and adventure are nearly endless. ,The Kyzylkum Desert dominates Karakalpakstan’s landscape. Meaning “red sand” in the local Turkic language, Kyzylkum’s red-tinged dunes provide an ideal backdrop for camel treks or overnighting at a yurt camp under brilliantly starry skies.,The region is also dotted with the remains of dozens of fortresses, some more than 2,000 years old. They once guarded the frontiers of an ancient empire against nomadic incursions from the north. Easily accessible on a day trip from nearby Urgench or Khiva, these fortresses are in varying states of decay. Yet they are still a joy to explore with often superb views from atop their crumbling ramparts.,Visitors are also drawn to western Uzbekistan for the chance to see firsthand the remains of the Aral Sea, once the world’s fourth-largest lake. Previously home to a diverse ecosystem and thriving fishing economy, the sea came close to disappearing entirely in the last decade of the 20th century.,With Soviet central planners focussed on boosting cotton production in Central Asia, the rivers feeding the Aral Sea were diverted for irrigation purposes beginning in the 1960s. Unsurprisingly, the results were a desiccated landscape and the loss of a way of life for the communities dotting the Aral Sea’s (former) shores.,While rehabilitation efforts have yielded some positive results, the remains of fishing boats rusting away in the desert near Moynaq serve as an enduring monument to environmental mismanagement on a colossal scale. Moynaq is also the starting point for many Aral Sea excursions.,An entirely different sort of monument awaits those who make it to Nukus, western Uzbekistan’s largest city and main transportation hub. It is often vilified for its decaying Soviet-era architecture and past association with chemical weapons testing. Nonetheless, Nukus is home to one of the most remarkable art museums anywhere in the world.,The brainchild of maverick Russian archaeologist Igor Savitsky, the museum was founded in the mid-1960s. It then became a haven for the work of avant-garde Russian painters banned elsewhere in the Soviet Union.,Largely cut off from the outside world until Uzbekistan gained independence in 1991, the Savitsky Museum is a treasure trove of both ancient and modern art. It is justifiably finding its way onto more and more travellers’ bucket lists.,For many visitors to Uzbekistan, the capital Tashkent is merely a stopover between the international airport and the lowland Silk Road cities. This is a pity, as Tashkent has much on offer to those who linger.,Although the city was badly damaged in an earthquake in 1966, leaving upwards of a quarter of the population homeless, subsequent reconstruction efforts have left a fascinating melding of old and new.,Nowhere is this fusion more evident than at Chorsu Bazaar in the heart of Old Tashkent. Combining classic Soviet modernist design with the patterns and colours of traditional Central Asian architecture, Chorsu is an unmissable landmark. It is also a great place to hone your bargaining skills.,Casting back to an earlier era in Tashkent’s history, nearby Kukeldash Madrassa seems a world away from the rapidly modernizing city that surrounds it. Dating to the late 16th century, the madrassa’s flower-filled inner courtyard provides a peaceful setting for those who study or visit here. A scene that belies the building’s tumultuous history.,It resumed its original function as a religious school in the 1990s. Prior to that, Kukeldash had served variously as a travellers’ inn, a fortress and, during the Soviet period, a museum of atheism,North-east of Tashkent, the landscape becomes increasingly rugged as the road edges its way into the Western Tian Shan Mountain range. Home to Ugam-Chatkal National Park, the region’s snow-capped peaks and steep valleys offer all manner of outdoor pursuits. Within easy reach of the capital, there is hiking and white-water rafting in the summer and surprisingly good skiing during the winter months.,Meanwhile, an upgraded highway follows the mountain range’s southern fringes along a traditional Silk Road route. It goes through the Kamchik Pass and into the Fergana Valley beyond.,An enormous bowl where the borders of Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan meet in a confused jigsaw, the Fergana Valley’s rich soil has supported settled agriculture for thousands of years. Today it is Uzbekistan’s breadbasket as well as its most densely populated region.,Ruled by a succession of empires since Alexander the Great swept through Central Asia almost 2,500 years ago, the valley’s tumultuous history continued in the post-Soviet period. Then, local activism was met with harsh repression, most notoriously in 2005 when troops fired on protesters in the town of Andijan, killing hundreds.,While the Andijan massacre remains a sensitive topic in Uzbekistan, security measures are now much relaxed. Visitors will find it just as easy to travel here as they would in any other part of the country. Except there are fewer tourists and local people are especially hospitable.,Most trips into the Fergana Valley begin in Kokand, and with good reason. It was once the capital of a kingdom with three million subjects and a territory larger than France. It was then unceremoniously annexed into the Russian Empire in the late 19th century.,Kokand today is a pleasant yet unassuming place with a remarkable landmark in the centre of town. The legacy of the kingdom’s last ruler and completed in the final years of his reign, the Palace of Khudayar Khan is an orientalist’s dream.,Built by an army of labourers overseen by master artisans, the Palace is studded with small courtyards. Each one is surrounded by exquisitely decorated rooms that seamlessly blend Central Asian and European styles. It displays what must have been a potent if short-lived projection of the Khan’s wealth and power.,The Fergana Valley lacks a Silk Road city on the scale of Bukhara or Samarkand. However, it has achieved enduring fame as one of the main sources of the fabric that gave its name to the caravan routes across Asia.,Fine silks were already being produced here at the time of the Arab conquest in the 8th century. Traditional techniques continue to be used to this day. The same holds true for other crafts historically associated with the Fergana Valley. This includes the embroidered skullcaps and distinctly shaped knives of Chust and the ornately patterned ceramics of Rishtan.,For many visitors, seeing an accomplished artisan at work and having the chance to bring home one of their creations is a fitting bookend to a trip to Uzbekistan’s Silk Road.,In 2016 the country first embarked on a program to reform and energize its tourism sector. Since then, the number of international visitors to Uzbekistan has grown exponentially, reaching close to 7 million in 2019.,While the COVID-19 pandemic has put a brake on this upward trajectory, there is no doubt that growth will resume as travel restrictions ease. With the prospect of larger crowds in the years ahead and so much to see and explore, what better time than now to start planning a post-pandemic trip to Uzbekistan?,Start planning your adventure to Uzbekistan today. Get prepared with more information on hotels or VRBO options, local restaurant recommendations, and more interesting sights to see through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Basel is a beautiful but highly underrated city. Check out these things to do in Basel, Switzerland and get there before the secret is out.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Basel is Switzerland’s third-largest city and also one of the region’s main financial and cultural centers. Its position beside the mighty Rhine River has contributed to its growth as a key trade and transportation center.,Furthermore, it is one of the most underrated Swiss cities, therefore it’s not very touristy. However, it is a city with plenty of hidden charm.,Basel is the perfect place for art and architecture lovers, with countless galleries, world-class museums and iconic buildings to visit.,It is undoubtedly one of the most cultural cities in Europe, where contemporary buildings compete in beauty with historic monuments.,Switzerland is known as one of the countries with the best quality of life. Basel, with its relaxed character, is an orderly and impeccable city where life is concentrated around the Rhine River and its small squares and alleys full of bars and restaurants.,In addition, its position at the confluence of the French, German and Swiss borders gives it a multicultural appeal.,Basel is a gateway to the nearby cities of Zurich and Lucerne, as well as the neighboring French region of Alsace and the German Black Forest. The dominant language in Basel is Swiss-German.,This article includes some of the top things to do in Basel, Switzerland which will have you ready to plan a visit yourself.,On Marktplatz, the city hall square, a small local market is organized every morning demonstrating that Basel is indeed like a big village. Here, the producers from the surrounding area are a great success among the city’s inhabitants.,Visiting this lively market is the perfect way to discover local life. You can find fruits and vegetables, cheeses, freshly baked bread and beautiful bouquets of flowers, all fresh and local.,The wonderful morning atmosphere harmonizes with the colorful facade of the city’s Town Hall, which dominates the square.,It is also known as Rathaus and the red and gold color of its facade does not go unnoticed in the center of the Marktplatz.,It dates back to the 16th century and serves as a meeting venue for the Cantonal Parliament and the Cantonal Government.,Although many travelers limit themselves to observing its facade, it’s well worth it to step inside the main courtyard and enjoy the paintings covering the walls. Basel Town Hall is one of the icons of the city.,The heart of Basel is the Rhine River which separates the old town from the new part of the city.  It is also a meeting point for locals, especially in summer when there is more ambiance.,Basel locals often come after work or on weekends to picnic on the riverbank and swim in its waters. It is also an area of bars and restaurants where you can stop to eat or have a drink.,Furthermore, it is worth crossing one of the bridges of the city for a view of the old town from the other side of the river. During the sunset, you will be able to see the cathedral of the city in front of you while the landscape turns golden.,In addition, there is a tourist boat that allows you to take a ride on the river and admire the city from the water.,The Mittlere Brücke is the oldest bridge crossing the Rhine River. It was inaugurated in 1226 and rebuilt in 1905 to enable the passage of the tramway.,It is a place full of romanticism from where you can enjoy fantastic views of the houses located on the banks of the river and the towers of the cathedral.,At night the lights of the city are reflected on the river and acquire a different charm.,A stroll through Old Town, known as the Altstadt, is one of the top things to do in Basel, Switzerland.  Its cobblestone streets surrounded by picturesque houses make it one of the most beautiful and best-preserved old towns in Europe.,Some of the places you cannot miss on your tour are the Andreasplatz square and streets like Augustinergasse, Martinsgasse, Imberggasslein, Nadelberg, Spalenberg, Heuberg and Gemsberg.,These streets are perfect to visit small boutiques, souvenir stores or art galleries. They are also full of bars and restaurants where you can stop for refreshments. In this area of the city, you will fall in love with every corner.,Strolling through the old part of the city you should also stop at Spalentor. This is the most important of the three remaining gates of the old medieval wall.,It is more than 600 years old and it survived the demolition of the walls that surrounded the city in 1866. In the past, goods coming from the French region of Alsace entered through here. It also functioned as a defensive tower.,The streets of Basel hold a multitude of drinking water fountains, symbols of the good sanitation of the city. But there is one that stands out above the rest, the Tinguely fountain.,It was created by the artist Jean Tinguely in 1977 and is a monument of Basel. The fountain is located in front of the Basel Theater, right where the stage of the theater used to be.,Tinguely designed a huge pool where amusing mechanical sculptures bring the place to life. Thanks to an elaborate system, with the force of the water jets, the nine figures that adorn the pool move constantly.,It looks as if they are dancing, just as the actors did in the past. He wanted to keep the spirit of the theater alive.,One of the must-see sights in Basel is its cathedral, the Basel Münster. This is the most outstanding religious building in the city and one of the most important in the country.,It is characterized by two high towers of more than 60 meters. From these towers are some of the best views of the city and the Rhine River.,The cathedral dates from the thirteenth century, although it has been rebuilt on numerous occasions due to damage. One example is an earthquake in the fourteenth century.,However, this makes it an architectural jewel, as it combines a Gothic exterior with a Romanesque interior.,It is worth visiting the two cloisters with large Gothic arches and centuries-old tombs of illustrious personalities of the city.,The visit to the interior of the cathedral and its cloisters is free, however, you must pay to climb the tower.,Another of the things to do in Basel, Switzerland is to visit Münsterplatz. This is the square where the cathedral is located and it is full of white houses with colored shutters. Around this square are some of the best restaurants in the city.,It is a fairly quiet place most of the year except on four occasions. The first is during the carnival held in the city, one of the most important in Europe. In August the square also fills with atmosphere on the occasion of the summer cinema and becomes a great stage. ,During the autumn fair, a large and ancient amusement fair occupies the square. And finally, during winter, a Christmas market decorates this corner of the city, filling it with magic.,In fact, it has been chosen as one of the most beautiful Christmas markets in Europe in recent years.,Start planning your unique vacation to Basel, Switzerland today. Get prepared with insider knowledge on the best shopping, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Find the most exciting and truly one of the kind Basel activities by booking some expert-led tours and skip-the-line tickets through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,For the best flight deals, train tickets and vacation packages, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,Author Bio: Based in France, Lucia Otero Medraño is Spanish with a master’s degree in travel journalism. She has worked in the tourism sector but her true passion is to live enriching experiences and discover amazing places around the world and write about them. In her spare time, she likes to enjoy her second passion, music.,Enjoy a weekend getaway to Galena, Illinois by exploring the vivacious main street and its rich historic learning experiences.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,As we roller-coastered our way West, past bucolic farms and idyllic pastures on a weathered 2-lane highway, it was difficult to believe that we were still in Illinois as the ubiquitous flat prairie farm-lands had given way to the rolling hills of the northwestern corner of the state.,The Ice Age glaciers that had ground through the state’s hills and valleys, leaving them table-top smooth, had somehow missed Jo Daviess County, resulting in a remarkable landscape of undulating hills and rugged cliffs along the Mississippi Valley.,Anchored to the north by the Wisconsin border and about 12 miles east of the Mississippi River and Iowa, Galena is a delightful escape to a bygone time. First settled in the 1820’s, miners flocked to Galena with the discovery of lead. ,The small village, named in Latin for lead, soon grew into the busiest river port north of New Orleans; paddle-wheelers hauled its ore down the Galena River onto the Mississippi and ports throughout the Midwest. By the 1830s, Galena’s population was briefly greater than Chicago‘s. ,Steeped in historical distinction, its grand nineteenth-century architecture is frozen in time. With more than 85 percent of the town on the National Register of Historic Places, it presents its well-worn but charming facades proudly. ,The red brick and colorful awning-clad buildings once occupied by steely-eyed merchants and saloon-keepers serving a hard-working and hard-drinking clientele are now home to food-centric restaurants and an eclectic array of delightful shops catering to weekend visitors seeking anything but hard work.,My wife, Kathy, and I settled into The Goldmoor Inn, our chosen residence for the weekend, whose looks appear as though it was plucked right off of a Downton Abbey episode. ,A unique bed-and-breakfast perched on a bluff above the Mississippi River approximately 8 miles outside of town, this 23-acre homage to old-world luxury caters to the romantic in all of us. ,All rooms have a king-sized bed, two-person whirlpool tub, fireplace and enough amenities, such as a towel warmer, to keep the wife gushing the entire stay. Breakfast was served in our room, including muffins, yogurt and plates of a wonderful peach-top French toast.,After a leisurely breakfast, we headed downtown. Passing over the Galena River (named initially as the Fever River until city fathers thought better of it), we turned left onto Main Street and passed through 20-foot-tall floodgates that protect the architectural treasures from once-in-a-lifetime floods that seem to occur every few years, the gates being closed as recently as 2018. ,After quickly getting off the main drag, we located a parking place. A portion of Main Street is actually closed off to auto traffic, creating a pedestrian-friendly zone and making parking spaces a sought-after commodity.,It soon became apparent that the warm early spring day had brought out a throng of like-minded adventurers looking for a respite from a long winter and seeking an escape. Outdoor dining venues were well populated and the local establishments were filled with shoppers.,There are nearly a hundred shops, eateries and taverns on Main Street. As we strolled the streets, we discovered shops such as Galena Canning Company which offers a dizzying array of hot sauces, rubs, salsas, jams and all manner of tasty spreads. ,Galena Cellars Vineyard and Winery is a downtown gift shop, patio and tasting room with outdoor tables in full swing. Poopsie’s is a fun, funky shop with a horde of interesting and unique items to entertain the young in us all. The Spice & Tea Merchants of Galena provides a vast collection of teas and spices. ,Just around the corner from the Spice & Tea Merchants, we explored the Dowling House, Galena’s oldest building, built in 1826 of native limestone. Originally established as a trading post, it’s furnished with primitives and provides insight into life on the “frontier.”,For a brief respite, we stepped into the Green Street Tavern for a cold libation.  The tavern is located in the DeSoto House Hotel, which opened on April 9, 1855, and was billed as the “Largest Hotel in the West.” ,Its history is extensive, having hosted Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas at different times for campaign speeches. Ulysses Grant chose the hotel as his presidential campaign headquarters.,You cannot speak of Galena without mentioning of U. S. Grant. Not a native son of Galena, he has nonetheless been embraced by its citizenry. ,The West Point graduate who became the most significant Union general of the Civil War and a two-term president was down on his luck when he first moved to Galena. A reversal in fortunes had sent him to here in 1860 to work as a clerk in his father’s leather goods store. ,When war ensued, Grant quickly organized and trained local recruits. With the support of Galena native Congressman Elihu B. Washburne, he rose to the rank of General, eventually leading all of the Union forces.,After the war, Grant returned to Galena, whose grateful residents presented him with a new, fully furnished home as a token of thanks. Today, Grant’s little house still stands, its brick walls, emerald-green shutters and white trim virtually unchanged from that day so long ago. Guided tours are offered daily.,Admiring and exploring Galena’s homes, several of which are available for tours, is a past-time in of itself. The city is laid out in a compact, very walkable manner, albeit somewhat strenuous at times. Carved into the side of a hill, the city has been referred to lovingly or condescendingly, depending on your point of view, as the “City of Steps.” ,There are a dozen different sets of steps connecting the city’s streets. One set of steps, rising from Main Street at the Desoto House to Bench Street and eventually Prospect, encompasses 192 heart-testing steps but provides spectacular views of the surrounding city and Grant’s Park across the river. ,As you climb, midway between Main & Prospect on Bench Street, you’ll find the Galena & U.S. Grant Museum. This wonderful museum is located in an 1858 Italianate mansion built as a private residence by Galena merchant Daniel Barrows. The Museum features exhibits on Grant, the Civil War, lead mining (including a look into a real mine) and the history of the area.,If you need a few moments of quiet, slip across the river to Grant Park. With over 3 acres, Grant Park is a wonderful vista. A Gazebo and an abundance of towering trees provide a quiet, shaded escape from the bustle of Main Street. ,The park honors its namesake with a bronze statue and several Civil War cannons. We found it to be a delightful place for a picnic and to simply view Galena’s allure from a park bench.,The dining scene in Galena is full of delights also. Galena Brewing Company is right on Main Street. Beer lovers will enjoy all the choices they have. Their Farmer’s Blonde Ale went down easily on a warm afternoon. The menu is a good selection of pub grub, but the one lb. pretzel really got our attention.,Located in the building that housed the Grant family’s leather shop, Fried Green Tomatoes was our choice for dinner. My wife loved the cedar-planked walleye and I dove into the comfort of homemade meatloaf served atop of a slice of thick cornbread and topped by a mound of garlic mashed with a honey-based sauce. Comfort food, indeed.,Our final evening found us seated in Adirondack chairs on the lawn of the Goldmoor, looking over the bluff as a colorful sun set across the Mississippi River. Galena is full of appeal and we had barely scratched the surface. We watched the sun dip into the river and planned our return.,Galena is roughly a two-and-a-half hour drive from Chicago.,https://www.visitgalena.org/,https://www.goldmoor.com/,https://www.friedgreen.com/,https://galenabrewery.com/,Author Bio: Frank Hosek revels in traveling with his wife, Kathy.  He enjoys discovering new experiences, meeting the people that make those experiences enjoyable, and sharing their adventures. He is a freelance writer for newspapers and travel websites.,Hoist a Guinness in the city of pubs.,Forget Las Vegas. Don’t even think about Rio. The new party town is the capital and largest city of Ireland — Dublin. Just as it doesn’t need to be Mardi Gras to celebrate in New Orleans, it doesn’t take St. Patrick’s Day to get the pubs full and rocking in Dublin. But before you start conjuring up images of gray-haired men in tweed saddling up to the bar to drown their sorrows in a pint, guess again. Though rich in history, Dublin is quickly becoming a young city, thanks in part to its booming economy.,While agriculture was once the country’s predominant industry, things have changed dramatically in the last decade. Today, Ireland is the world’s second-largest software producer. Yes, Ireland; Yes, software. With companies like Microsoft, Intel, Dell, Hewlett-Packard and Gateway setting up shop throughout the Emerald Isle, young professionals from across the EU are flocking there for jobs. In fact, 50 percent of the population of Ireland (5.5 million) today is under the age of 25 — which means the streets of Dublin come alive every evening when the city’s 1,000 pubs are flooded with partiers.,The drink of choice is beer, mostly Guinness, and the trend among women is to order a Guinness with a splash of black currant juice. Mixed drinks are available, but this isn’t the place for flaunting your martini. Beer is definitely where it’s at, whether in a pint, a half-pint or a glass.,Law of the Land,First-time visitors to Dublin may be surprised by some of the pub laws, particularly the fact that last call is 11:30 p.m. Monday through Wednesday, 12:30 a.m. Thursday through Saturday, and 11 p.m. on Sunday. For a city with so many pubs and such an imbibing reputation, that seems somewhat incongruous. But never fear; for those in the know, certain clubs have special “after hours” licenses where you can continue the conversations you started.,Another law that may come as a surprise is the smoking ban, which was instituted in March 2004. All enclosed workplaces in Ireland — pubs included — are now smoke-free. In order to deal with this rule, some pubs have covered and heated “beer gardens” where the smoking population can congregate.,Where to Go,The character Leopold Bloom from James Joyce’s Ulysses, pretty much summed it up: “A good puzzle,” he said, “would be to cross Dublin without passing a pub.”,That’s no hyperbole. Whether you’re looking for a small, dark, hole-in-the-wall with a chap crooning about cockles and mussels or a three-floor über-club filled with egos and attitudes, Dublin has it all. You really can’t go more than two blocks without finding some sort of watering hole. It’s fun to randomly see what you find — or check out these notables:,Temple Bar District,While there is an actual pub named Temple Bar, the real thing is actually an historic area in the heart of Dublin city. The Temple Bar district is a maze of cobblestone streets touted by Temple Bar Cultural Trust as Dublin’s “cultural quarter” — and rightfully so, with its frequent outdoor concerts, festivals and events. Once the sun goes down, this area of town bustles with the electricity of loud music and young singles as they go from pub to pub in search of new friends and fun.,Johnnie Fox’s,For a more traditional experience, visit Johnnie Fox’s Pub (www.johnniefoxs.com), known as the “highest pub in Ireland.” About a 20-minute drive from the center of Dublin, the pub is located in Glencullen, in the Dublin Mountains, the northern end of the Wicklow mountain range. (Lugnaquilla is its highest peak, at 3,039 feet (926 m). Here they offer “hooley nights,” evenings of traditional Irish music and dancing, and a four-course dinner with plenty of options, including fresh seafood. Touristy? Yes. Fun? Definitely.,Café En Seine,Step back into 19th century Paris when you enter this enormous pub (www.dublinafterfive.com/daf.asp?PID=5) on Dawson Street, located in the heart of the city just off Grafton Street, the main shopping thoroughfare. With its Art Deco interior and glass atrium, you’ll feel like you’re in a scene from Moulin Rouge. This is definitely the place to be, as evidenced by the body-to-body crowds that congregate on Saturday nights. And beer is still the drink of choice, despite the feeling that you should be ordering an absinthe.,Gravity,Let’s face it: no trip to Dublin would be complete without a visit to the Guinness Storehouse (www.guinness-storehouse.com). This is where you can learn all about Dublin’s most famous beer and the family that started it all. The popular legend is true: Arthur Guinness did sign a 9,000-year lease for the property in 1759, for the sum of £45 a year. Visitors can see the original contract sealed in the floor of the entranceway to the Storehouse.,With admission to the Storehouse, each person over 18 gets a clear Lucite trinket that contains a single drop of Guinness with a plastic ring attached. The ring can be traded at the end of the tour for a free glass of “the nectar.”,Throughout the building, visitors can view exhibits of the brewing process and even learn about how to drink in a socially responsible manner. The core of the building was designed to look like a giant pint glass, stretching from the ground floor up seven flights to Gravity, a bar offering a 360-degree view of the entire city.,Guinness’s Brewmaster Fergal Murray, whose job it is to teach the barkeeps throughout Ireland how to correctly pour Guinness, has taught the barkeeps at Gravity his six steps to pouring the perfect pint: They start with a dry, clean glass, hold it at a 45-degree angle, let the tap do the work and don’t let it touch the glass, allow the stout to settle, and then top it off with a dome and a foamy shamrock. The perfect Guinness or — as the Irish call it — blonde in a black skirt.,If You Go,Dublin Tourist Office,www.visitdublin.com,Ireland Tourist Board,www.ireland.ie,Dublin Pub Scene,www.dublinpubscene.com,Temple Bar Cultural Trust,www.temple-bar.ie, ,Traveling in the Highlands reveals a different side of Scotland, with craggy rock-strewn mountains and towering cliffs that plunge to the sea below.,The terrain in places is as violent in appearance as the bloody battles that raged in Scotland for centuries. At the same time, it can be as gentle as a morning mist rising above the moors.,Craggy rock-strewn mountains stretch toward the sky. Towering cliffs plunge to the crashing sea below.,The still waters of forest-clad lochs (lakes) reflect images of centuries-old castles and fortresses, which stand like silent sentries on their shores.,Mention Scotland, and this is the picture that people are likely to conjure up.,Yet too few travelers head for the Highlands, the remote upper half of the country where, in many ways, the “real” Scotland can be discovered.,Although Scotland is only about two-thirds the size of the state of Pennsylvania, its Highlands comprise one of the last great wilderness areas of Europe.,The region is sparsely populated. Sheep and long-haired cattle occupy much of the fertile land. Tiny towns dot the landscape.,Well-maintained highways meander around lochs and skirt high mountains.,This setting has not always been so tranquil. The history of Scotland is replete with battles against a parade of invaders and tyrants.,And when those enemies weren’t available for a good clash, high-spirited Scottish warriors often took to fighting among themselves.,The first record of Scottish history dates back to the Romans, who arrived in 82 A.D.,They were followed by influxes of Celtic Picts, Anglo-Saxons, Britons and Celtic Scots, who came from Ireland during the third and fourth centuries.,The Treaty of Union in 1707 united the parliaments of Scotland and England, but nationalistic loyalties remained very much alive among the fiercely proud Highlanders.,In an effort to crush their rebellious and independent ways, England in 1747 banned traditional Highland dress and the bearing of arms.,In 1780, a sorrowful page of Scotland’s history was turned.,For the following 80 years, the Highland Clearances led to the eviction of thousands of tenant farmers and herders, who were forced from their land and replaced by sheep, which provided greater income.,Following this forced emigration and the spread of Ireland’s potato famine into Scotland, the rural Highlands were nearly deserted.,This history of defending their homeland and their honor against a parade of intruders instilled the Highlanders with an intense pride that continues to be displayed in a variety of ways.,The system of clans (Gaelic for “family” or “offspring”) had its roots in the sixth century. As various regions came under the control of chieftains, other members of each clan adopted the name of their leader.,While the original clan system came to an end in the mid-nineteenth century, pride in the common name has lingered.,Today, it’s expressed primarily through spirited competition at the Highland Games and in opportunities to don traditional dress.,Highland clan members as long ago as the thirteenth century were identified by the brightly colored plaid material that served as clothing.,At that time, it consisted of yards of tartan, which the wearer spread out on the ground, folded into pleats and wrapped around his body.,From that evolved the kilt, the skirt-like attire that is so familiar today. It still is the mode of dress preferred by many Scotsmen for ceremonial and formal occasions.,The complete outfit is an elaborate, lavishly decorated affair that includes traditional adornments.,For example, the handbag-like spurn, which is worn around the waist, still is commonly made of leather or animal fur. A small dagger called a skean is tucked into the top of high stockings.,According to legend, warring clan chiefs, meeting to work out their differences, hid small knives there in case the gathering grew unfriendly.,Since the clans played a starring role in the history of Scotland, it’s no surprise that their stories often are closely associated with the turreted castles that dot the landscape.,Some survive as sumptuous stately homes, while others are ruined fortresses that provide only hints of their past glory.,The visitor to Eilean Donan soon learns why it is one of the most photographed castles in Scotland.,The rebuilt thirteenth-century fortress is perched on a rocky promontory reached by a causeway, at the meeting point of three lochs.,Surrounded by water and mountains, the castle has a proud past that is brought to life in its furnishings and artifacts.,It served as home base for the MacKenzie and MacRae clans.,The walls of the banquet hall still are adorned by numerous coats of arms, and a lively painting in the billeting room depicts MacRaes, dressed in belted plaids, dancing on the roof of Eilean Donan the night before a major battle.,Cawdor Castle, built in the late fourteenth century, is what many people picture when they think of a fortress.,According to legend, its soaring central tower, walled garden and drawbridge entrance provided the setting for Shakespeare’s “Macbeth.”,A particularly bloody history unfolded at Urquhart Castle, another fourteenth-century structure that was one of the largest fortresses in Scotland.,Its extensive ruins occupy a rugged ledge that juts into the deep waters of Loch Ness.,The castle played important roles during the Scots’ struggle for independence from England in the fourteenth century.,Throughout the next 200 years, it was frequently raided and plundered by a stream of attackers.,This edifice would be interesting for no other reason than its location overlooking the best-known loch in Scotland.,Sightings of a monster in the 23-mile long, 754-foot deep lake were first reported as far back as 565 A.D. That’s when St. Columba, an Irish missionary to Scotland, told of seeing a “water beast.”,Subsequent reports, including more recent photographs of questionable authenticity, have spawned an entire Nessie industry, scientific expeditions and an official Loch Ness Exhibition Centre.,Along with an audiovisual presentation, craft demonstrations and the ubiquitous gift shop, the complex boasts a life-size statue of Nessie standing in a miniature outdoor lake, which is the closest thing to the real monster that visitors are likely to see.,This touch of commercialism isn’t what most travelers to the Highlands of Scotland are likely to remember following their visit.,More recollections, and photographs, probably will portray some of Mother Nature’s most memorable handiworks.,That can be as dramatic as rolling moors and distant mountains, as scenic as a hillside set off by a stone fence, and as colorful as lavender heather blanketing a deep green field as it stretches toward the horizon.,This ever-changing setting provides variety which transforms the Highlands, one small region in the United Kingdom, into a destination as memorable as it is inviting.,If You Travel to Scotland,For more information log onto visitscotland.com.,Author Bio: After gallivanting throughout the United States and to more than 75 other countries around the world, and writing about what he sees, does and learns, Victor Block retains the travel bug. He firmly believes that travel is the best possible education, and claims he still has a lot to learn. He loves to explore new destinations and cultures, and his stories about them have won a number of writing awards.,If you can’t stomach a local cuisine of fried sheep hearts, explore Iceland’s Viking museums and natural wonders., ,So much of the traditional food in Iceland sounds like it was invented for an episode of Fear Factor. Fried sheep hearts and kidneys are the least of it. Fermented shark. (Recipe: bury shark in a hole and come back in a few weeks or a few months.) Singed sheep heads (Recipe: use a flaming torch to burn the wool off, then boil in water.) Soured ram testicles. (Recipe: I didn’t ask.),So deciding what to have for dinner my last night in Reykjavik was not easy. I wanted to have a genuine Viking meal, not the innocuous “international cuisine” I’d had the previous nights. But not even the thought of a shot of brennivín, Icelandic schnapps, could make those entrees appealing.,Despite its Viking past, Reykjavik, located on a bay in southwest Iceland, is a friendly city. The largest city in a small country, nearly two-thirds of all Icelanders live there, but it retains a small-town feel, with the church steeple of Hallgrímskirkja dominating the view. Reykjavik City Hall rises from a duck pond, and a grassy plaza faces the Parliament Building. But unlike most small towns, Reykjavik also has many art and history museums.,I visited three museums, each of them focusing on a different aspect of Iceland’s Viking past. I walked past corrugated metal houses with brightly colored roofs in energetic contrast to the gray sky, past the duck pond and city hall, and past grassy lawns with enigmatic sculptures on my way to The Culture House, with its fragile copies of the epic Icelandic sagas.,Dimly lit rooms tell the story behind those stories blending myth and history, from rock paintings to treasured medieval manuscripts to modern Thorcomic books. The Icelandic language is unchanged enough that people today can still read the sagas easily. Some people can even use them to trace their family history.,The Saga Museum, housed on a hill overlooking the city in a silvery building that also houses the city’s water towers, presents life-size figures re-enacting dramatic moments from Iceland’s history, including witch burnings, beheadings and a bare-breasted warrior woman. The building’s observation deck offers views of the “smoky bay” that gave the city its name.,The National Museum provides a more thoughtful look at Icelandic history, with artifacts from the earliest days of settlement to modern times. Those modern times in Iceland came recently; television first aired in the 1960s.,That was all the time I spent indoors in Iceland, except for sleeping. Despite the country’s changeable weather, it’s a place that calls for outdoor exploration, and I spent the next few days roaming the surrounding countryside.,Iceland used to be forested, but a combination of harsh weather, overgrazing by sheep and human settlement removed almost all the trees. Most drives take you through fields of lumpy black lava covered with bright-green moss where steam rises, occasionally smelling of sulfur (“Icelandic perfume,” our guide called it). Many of the lava fields date to historic times, such as the “lava of Christianity,” so-called because it dates to the year Icelanders converted en masse by decree of parliament.,Where the lava fields end, green meadows appear, full of non-native purple lupine, planted to try to hold onto the soil. Simple white churches with red roofs stand out against the rolling green hills. Horses and sheep are everywhere, the only large mammals on the continent except for the occasional polar bear drifting over on an ice floe from Greenland.,The dramatic power of nature to remake the land is visible everywhere. At the shore, the pounding ocean created black-sand beaches where tiny white flowers struggle against the wind to stay rooted. Waterfalls are everywhere, including Skógafoss, a popular site for camping and hiking on the southern coast, and raging Gullfoss, a dramatic two-tiered drop into a canyon east of Reykjavik.,Geysir, the namesake of geysers worldwide, no longer explodes regularly, but its neighbor Strokkur does, swelling slowly to a cap amid clouds of steam, then bursting into the air. At the site’s museum, an earthquake simulator lets you experience a different kind of natural explosion.,And of course, Iceland has a large quantity of ice, including Sólheimajökull glacier. It is shocking to see this immense mass of ice, more black than white because of the dirt it picks up during its slow movement forward. When the wind blows over the glacier it’s very cold, even in July.,The natural setting most significant to the Viking experience is Thingvellir. At this place the Mid-Atlantic and European plates pull apart, increasing Iceland’s size by a few inches each year. The faults and fissures here have created a rugged, rumpled landscape. More significantly to history, it’s the place where the Vikings formed the world’s first parliament, in A.D. 930.,On my last day, we drove to a farm about 30 minutes outside of Reykjavik. In the muddy paddock we were assigned to our Icelandic horses. The small, shaggy, rugged horses are the same breed the Vikings brought with them and these horses have never interbred with other types of horses. Their disheveled appearance seems a good match for a Viking, but the image of a burly Viking on one of these small horses is somewhat comical.,We rode for about two hours through farmland and lava fields, and splashed across streams. On the sandy paths we let our horses pick up speed and experienced the “tolt,” a gait unique to the Icelandic horse. It felt like a faster, smoother trot.,After the ride, we drove back to Reykjavik’s harbor for the whale-watching cruise. On board, I snuggled into the warm coveralls they provided and sat outside on the main deck, basking in the sun. Every now and then our spotter would shout “There’s one at 2 o’clock! One-hundred meters!” And I’d look over and see the black curve of a minke whale surfacing to breathe and then disappearing beneath the water.,After several hours and spotting nearly a dozen whales, the boat turned and headed back to shore. We stopped at Puffin Island first, watching thousands of the colorful birds swoop, dive and dart about. Puffins are another traditional Icelandic food, and I began thinking about having puffin for dinner. If most exotic food tastes like chicken anyway, how bad could another bird be?,Puffin was easy to find, too. Laekjarbrekka Restaurant, a fine-dining establishment only a few blocks from the dock, offered a three-course puffin feast, with a smoked and marinated puffin salad followed by puffin with blue cheese sauce as the entree. But I don’t care for blue cheese, and the price, at nearly $80, was outside my budget. So I kept walking.,Up the block I stopped in a 1011 supermarket to get a snack to hold me over until I decided on a real meal. And I finally found a traditional Icelandic food I could enjoy! Back in the dairy case, next to the yogurt, was skyr. It’s a dairy product, part of the Icelandic diet for almost 1,000 years.,It is sort of a yogurt, but a little thicker, sort of a cheese, but a little softer. It came conveniently packaged, plastic spoon included. I didn’t really think I’d like it — I only like yogurt in its frozen chocolate form — but I bought a container, blueberry-flavored. This genuinely sweet taste of Iceland was just what I needed — before having pizza for dinner.,If You Go,Icelandic Tourist Board,www.icetourist.is,Reykjavik Excursions provides bus tours to popular sights such as the Golden Circle — natural wonders and historical sites situated in southern Iceland. Renting a car is another option; most attractions are reached via the Ring Road that circles the island.,Reykjavik Excursions,www.re.is,The Culture House,www.thjodmenning.is/index_english.htm,The Saga Museum,www.sagamuseum.is/enska/english.html,Horseback riding is available from Íshestar and Eldhestar, among other companies. Eldhestar offers the “Sea Horse” combination package I booked, which includes a fish-soup lunch.,www.ishestar.is,www.eldhestar.is,Whale-watching:,Hvalstödin Whale Watching Centre,www.whalewatching.is,Food in Iceland is expensive, and Laekjarbrekka Restaurant (www.laekjarbrekka.is/en/index.htm) is not out of line with other restaurants of its caliber. There are 1011 supermarkets all over.,Mineral de Pozos is being touted as the upcoming escape for artists and writers, and a renaissance is unfolding in building restoration.,Do you need a place to hide out? Are you running from the law or a screwed-up life?  I stumbled upon a high desert Mexican ghost town where anonymity can be bought for a few pesos and a bottle of tequila.,Where you can let your hair down or do it up in dreadlocks; where you can blend in with new age hippies or older ‘want-to be’ versions.,Living as expats in easygoing Chapala, Mexico works wonders to reduce the frenzy of everyday life, but at times, we still crave posh restaurants, high-end watering holes, classy art galleries and designer home furnishings.,Spending a few days in San Miguel de Allende, in the state of Guanajuato, Mexico, and awarded the 2013 Best City in the World by Conde’ Nast Traveler, quenched our upscale thirst.,We chose the boutique bed and breakfast, ‘La Mansion del Bosque’– The Inn by the Park- for our get-away quarters.,Located three blocks from San Miguel’s Central Plaza and steps from the well-manicured San Miguel Park, our second floor suite overlooked the garden, and intricate nooks and crannies hid the rooms that meandered inside the terra-cotta hued walls.,It provided the perfect backdrop for our ‘opulence gig.’ (www.mansiondelbosque.com),At breakfast on the second day, we overheard a fellow ‘Inn Mate’ describe an intriguing exploit.,A California gal revealed that a secret, ancient indigenous ceremony was being re-enacted that day in Mineral de Pozos, one hour from San Miguel. Apparently, so hush, hush was this event that she whispered the tidbits she shared.,She had hired a guide to take her and her friends. Her final murmur, “only a privileged few know about it.”,Fascinated by the hunt, the four of us traveling together quickly excused ourselves, did a cursory internet research of Mineral de Pozos, threw off our upscale clothes, donned our adventure jeans and headed out in search of this clandestine happening.,Our hasty review uncovered basic facts from the www.MineraldePozos.com website. Pozos originally settled by the Chichimec people, served as a wagon train trading post after silver was discovered in Zacatecas in 1567.,The Jesuits, always one step ahead of the Spanish founders, settled there in hopes of converting the indigenous population. Jesuit priests organized workers and mined trace amounts of silver there.,They built a smelting foundry in 1597 to process the ore. Later in 1657, they founded the beautiful, still functioning Church of San Pedro, bestowing the name San Pedro de Pozos on the town.,After the Spanish displaced the Jesuits, replacement miners unearthed huge gold and silver reserves west of town.,By 1895, Mineral de Pozos supported over 300 operating mines that created wealth for a population of 70,000. It earned a reputation throughout colonial Mexico for its opulent life style and haciendas oozing with grandeur.,Mexican President, Porfirio Diaz, promoted its thriving mining industry and boomtown appeal. It was temporarily renamed Ciudad Porfirio Diaz, in honor of the adoring President.,The mines of Mineral de Pozos proved so lucrative, so important to the economic growth of Mexico, that the Mexican Stock Exchange, La Bolsa, was founded to promote shares.,With the Mexican Revolution unrest brewing in 1910, mining ceased when the fighting began. After the mines were intentionally flooded, the global price of silver plummeted.,The last mine closed in 1927 and the town died without its source of revenue.  By 1950, only 200 people remained in Pozos, making it a virtual ghost town.,The grand mansions, left uninhabited and unmaintained fell to decay in the dust.,Noting its historical significance, President Lopez Portillo named it a National Historic Zone in 1982, with little effect.,For the last 10 years, the community has attempted to resurrect the town, trying to encourage artists and musicians to abandon expensive San Miguel and set up shop in undiscovered Pozos.,Today, around 2,000 people struggle to update the necessary infrastructure.,With this background on hand, we drove 45 minutes from San Miguel through beautiful high desert country, at an elevation or 7500 feet. Bucolic landscapes unfolded as goats, sheep and donkeys lined the deserted road.,On the outskirts of town, ruin after ruin draped with overgrown vines and nopal cacti engulfed crumbling, century old mansions and mining operations.,These reminders of a glorious past lured us on, eager to unearth the secrets of a town that went from boom to bust, a town resisting permanent death, trying to recover some of its long gone splendor and fame.,As we drove through the main, cobblestoned drag, the drab adobe brick buildings looked deserted.,We turned toward the central plaza, following the hand made wooden arrow pointing the way. The zocalo teemed with people.,All 2,000 inhabitants had congregated there for the ‘secret’ festivities. Eureka – we had found it!,Artists from central Mexico, with their creations of ceramics, hand-painted gourd instruments, and jewelry lined the square.,Video cameras, amplifiers and microphones stood in the center. The high-tech equipment blazed in a time warp backdrop against crumbling colonial buildings lining the 19th century plaza. Something was up.,Indigenous people, costumed in their ancient dress assembled for what seemed to be a formal presentation. I asked a bystander about the activity.,“Oh this is the annual Toltequidad Festival, held in celebration of the indigenous cultures of Mexico, with an exposition of their paintings, dances and rituals” he explained.  “It’s fortunate that you visited today.”,I nodded in agreement, with a huge smile, as I realized we had stumbled upon the (not so secret) ceremony, without hiring a guide.,Judging from the crowd, the California group must have realized by now that the ‘privileged few’ had multiplied tenfold.,Flute and drum music played in the background and burning copal incense wafted through the air, preparing the ceremonial atmosphere for a historical progression of indigenous cultures of Mexico.,Each group reflected the relationship between the sky and the earth through dance, music and narration in their native language.,The plaza teemed with an assortment of old and new, cluttered together without any semblance of congruity; amplifiers bounced sounds off tin corrugated roofs, cymbals clashed against the faint beat of goat-skinned drums, indigenous people mixed with police security guards.,I spotted California girl in the crowd. Her face turned sour when I skirted her group saying, “Oh, I see you made it.” She turned pale, trying to hide the high-priced guide behind her flock.,Following the ceremony, we walked around town to sense the isolation when visitors go home and festivals end.,Amidst the row of paint faded tiendas with dark interiors and customary, single light bulbs hanging from the ceilings, a large structure stood out as restored to past elegance.,Bright and inviting against the blight, the Posada de Las Minas Hotel, magnificently revamped to its original colonial opulence, provided a glimpse into the past and what could be in the future.,The elegant rooms, exquisite artwork, gourmet cuisine and manicured gardens provide a stunning overnight stopover or an exquisite place for lunch to recapture Mineral de Pozos during its heyday. (www.posadadelasminas.com),As we drifted farther from the central plaza, the aroma of marijuana permeated an alley as a gathering of 21st century hippies passed a joint around.,A meager market near the church showed how this arid soil and climate offer farmers little more than subsistence.,Pozos is being touted as the upcoming escape for artists and writers and indeed a renaissance is unfolding in building restoration.,A slight sensation of rebirth and resurgence of energy drifted through the dusty streets. Pozos may travel back to the future one day to reclaim its presence of fame and beauty.,For now, it remains a place to hide, a place to be creative or a place to let imaginations run wild with scenes of 1895.,When visiting San Miguel de Allende, Mexico’s opulence of the present, head to Mineral de Pozos, Mexico’s opulence of the past and envision the potential magnificence of its future.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric field work in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,[mappress mapid=”989″],Careyes, Mexico welcomes visitors to visit the beach, release sea turtles at dusk, view the creative villas and more.,In Careyes, one man’s vision of an idyllic seaside retreat has evolved into an exclusive, eclectic community rich in nature, architecture, culture and the eeriest sound bath I’ve ever encountered.,Curiosity brought me to El Careyes Club & Residences on Mexico’s Costalegre (Happy Coast) south of Puerto Vallarta—pre-COVID, of course. I’d long heard about gatherings of international artists, authors and musicians at this exclusive resort, and wondered why it attracted such creative types.,The Costalegre’s rugged jungle is home to expansive private communities surrounded by bird-filled nature reserves. The 35,000-acre Careyes estate is one of the most legendary, with suites, casitas and villas scattered on hillsides through dense vegetation facing crystalline coves and the open sea.,During my brief stay, I cruised along the rugged coastline and admired stunning villas from afar before touring a few. I released baby turtles at sunset and descended into a giant art installation for a reverberating sound bath. It was easy to see the lure of Careyes.,Visionary Italian banker Gian Franco Brignone conjured an idyllic community at Careyes while soaring over the coast in a private Cessna in 1968. He spotted the ideal combination of jungle and beach and hired noted Mexican architects to help design dream villas.,Artists, writers and creative types followed his lead, drawn by the natural beauty and inspirational ambience. Befitting his esoteric interests, Brignone commissioned artworks scattered throughout the property and held grand soirees with artists, spiritualists, celebs and all manner of fascinating folk.,Over time, homeowners from some 42 nationalities succumbed to Brignone’s vision, creating a collection of Coastal Mexican villas and “ocean castles” hidden on lush cliffs and coves.,The resort area of Careyes has gone through many incarnations over the decades. Hotel buildings, originally designed in 1976, have been totally remodeled to house luxury multi-bedroom suites. The makeover seemed the perfect reason to finally check out Careyes.,On my first morning, I surveyed my surroundings from my suite’s wraparound balcony under ominous gray clouds. Sand-toned, low-rise buildings framed five glossy swimming pools and a curving beach. Vivid blue and yellow casitas dotted low green slopes at the edge of a long cove. The jungle seemed to tumble down hillsides. ,I got an idea of the magnitude of Careyes on a subsequent boat ride on choppy seas. The jagged coastline revealed beaches and coves edged by dramatic rock piles. Palms towered over dense bushes on steep bluffs.  There were occasional glimpses of villas high above the shore.,Careyes frequently serves as a backdrop for photoshoots, thanks to its dramatic architecture and natural setting. Dwellings take full advantage of sea views with open living areas under soaring palapas beside free-form pools edging rocky points. Color abounds, with endless shades of blue echoing the sky and sea.,I toured a few outstanding examples including Mi Ojo (My Eye), Brignone’s art-filled home. A scary suspension bridge linked the villa with a wild private island. I lunched with friends at another villa with a towering palapa shading the open living room and decks. Stunning fuchsia hammocks and day beds faced the sky and sea beside a long blue pool. No wonder creative types gravitate to Careyes. Inspiration is everywhere.,Feeling ever so mellow, I joined a van tour and rode along dirt roads etching coastal cliffs to a turtle camp on the beach. Naturalists monitor and protect the sea turtles that bury their eggs at Careyes. They collect thousands of delicate rubbery eggs and bury them under awnings in a fenced-in farm.,Dozens of turtle babies were ready to emerge from their sandy nests. Our guides gathered the squirming hatchlings in buckets and guided us to the edge of the beach. We set handfuls of turtles onto the sand and watched them find their way to the sea, sometimes quite awkwardly. The sun slowly set as the babies reached the water. With any luck, the darkness would protect them from birds and other predators.,Our tour group headed to dinner at a rustic chic restaurant somewhere in the hills. We settled in at a long picnic table and shared ceviche and other small plates. All around us friends greeted each other with air kisses and everyone looked utterly fascinating.,The oddest sight on my boat ride was a giant gray cement bowl called La Copa (the cup) perched on a hilltop above the windswept Pacific. The installation, commissioned for Brignone’s 80th birthday, was a striking sight from land as well, as I discovered the next day. ,As I walked toward it, La Copa looked like a bizarre UFO dwarfing the few humans gathered for a sound bath. We entered the base of the bowl, where yoga mats were laid out around sloping walls. A bearded shaman had us lie on our backs, eyes closed.,The music from singing bowls, rain sticks and other implements swirled around me as I watched clouds drift in the evening sky and soaked up the Careyes vibe.,The nearest airport to Careyes is in Puerto Vallarta (PVR), about a two-hour drive to the north. Careyes can arrange transportation.,There are several types of accommodation available through El Careyes Club & Residences, including multi-bedroom suites. Amenities include five sleek swimming pools with plenty of relaxation and swimming space, an open-air restaurant (with fabulous ceviche) and a peaceful beach.,Nashville has so much to offer, from music museums to historic sights and delicious food. Here’s how to spend a fabulous 3 days in Nashville.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Since music is the universal language, Nashville, Tennessee, is a destination filled with creative storytellers.,Visiting Nashville inspires one to write their own Music City story while exploring the accessible, dynamic and diverse neighborhoods. There are lots of opportunities to learn about the city’s musical heritage, historic civil wars, and fascinating culture.,Here’s how to spend 3 days in Nashville and write or tell your own fascinating vacation story.,Fly into Nashville International Airport, the city is just a 15-minute drive into downtown Nashville. The city offers accommodations for every kind of traveler. There are 19 new boutique and name-brand hotels and a wide range of bed and breakfasts and vacation rentals.,Check into the new Conrad Nashville. This modern 13-story glass Champalimaud Design building has an elegant nod to music.,It has 234 large guest rooms and suites with windows that go from floor to ceiling and give great views of the city. Its relaxed environment is ideal to come back to after a day of dining, sightseeing and listening to music.,Start off with a Mint Julep food and beverage tour. The family-owned company customizes tours based on visitors’ interests. Those who like spirits can visit the Nashville Barrel Company for a flight of three premium spirits inside the tasting room.,Afterward, head over to Edley’s Bar-b-que for some of the best low and slow-smoked meat meal. Order a sampler that includes any three smoked meats; the chicken covered in white Alabama sauce is a favorite.,Also included are four homemade sides (green beans simmered in bone broth with bacon, onions and seasoning), sauces, cornbread and pickles. They make boozy milkshakes here too.,After dinner, get dropped off at Nashville’s Lower Broadway Honky Tonk Highway. It’s the city’s most famous street where world-class performers such as Willie Nelson, Kris Kristofferson and other stars began their careers.,This lively neon-lit street has incredible music streaming out of windows and doors 365 days a year. There is no cover charge to enter the bars or restaurants to listen to music. Just make sure to tip the artists, servers and bartenders.,Start your morning at the entrance of Bridgestone Arena, the Music City Visitor Center at Fifth and Broadway. The friendly staff has maps, tickets to venues and attractions, special offers and unique Music City gifts.,This is a good place to hop on a Gray Line Bus Tour to familiarize yourself with the highlights of the city. You will drive by the Country Music Hall of Fame, Frist Center for the Visual Arts and Union Station (now a beautiful hotel.),Other sights include Vanderbilt University and the green lawns of Centennial Park with a full-scale replica of the Parthenon. Nicknamed ‘The Athens of the South’ after it was built in 1897 for the Tennessee Centennial Exposition, this stone column structure has a 42-foot-tall golden Athena statue inside.,The bus also takes visitors past the Tennessee State Capitol, Bicentennial Park and Farmers Market, Musicians Hall of Fame & Museum, GRAMMY Museum Gallery and Printers Alley. The route finishes near the Ryman Auditorium.,Be sure to purchase a ticket to tour Ryman Auditorium, built by Captain Thomas G. Ryman in 1892. The tour begins with an informative multi-media film led by a hologram of Ryman’s former manager, Lula C. Naff.,Built in a striking Gothic design, the venue was first a church and later hosted boxing matches and political debates. There were also informative talks by luminaries Helen Keller and Booker T Washington.,Later,  it became well-known as the Mother Church of Country Music, when it was the longtime former home of the Grand Ole Opry from 1943-1974. Now a diverse lineup of more than 200 shows per year fills the auditorium.,In the lobby, look for the Russ Faxon statue of the King of Country singer-songwriter and fiddler Roy Acuff, sitting next to comedian and singer Minnie Pearl. Together, they entertained almost every weekend at the Grand Ole Opry for decades.,Elvis also walked onstage shifting his hips as a crowd of fans sat in the original wooden church pew seats. June Carter met Johnny Cash here, and this is also where Dolly Parton first performed at the age of 13. Ticket holders can stand on the historic stage and have their picture taken as a keepsake.,Nearby is the newer National Museum of African American Music. It’s a 56,000-square-foot interactive music gallery that enlightens visitors chronologically from the beginning of music to today. There are listening stations, videos of concerts and iconic costumes and instruments from some of the most popular music stars in the world.,When lunchtime approaches, make your way to nearby Hattie B’s Hot Chicken for an array of fried chicken plates with increasing levels of spiciness. Be sure to order scratch-made side dishes such as black-eyed peas and pimento Mac and cheese.,This family business usually has a line of foodies out the door, but it moves quickly as customers counter order and have their food delivered to their table. You can also skip the line and order ahead on their app.,Owned and operated by the father-and-son team, Nick Bishop, Sr. and Nick Bishop, Jr., there are now three locations in Nashville. These are at 5209 Charlotte Avenue; 5069 Broadway Pl Suite A-103; and 112 19th Avenue South.,Feeling fortified, visit the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum to discover the stories behind session musicians, engineers and producers.,Each exhibit enlightens visitors about the story of some of the world’s famous musicians playing on the greatest recordings of all time. Don’t miss the Jimi Hendrix exhibit to learn about the short life of this talented guitarist, singer and songwriter.,Another must-see museum is the Johnny Cash Museum honoring the country superstar often referred to as the ‘Man in Black’. The historic building contains the world’s largest and most comprehensive collection of Johnny Cash artifacts.,These include handwritten lyric sheets, marriage licenses, clothing, records, instruments and stage props telling the story of this iconic singer’s life.,One more place not to be missed is the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum featuring 350,000 square feet of galleries. This landmark is a tribute to all genres of musicians who have contributed to the world through song or made a significant contribution to the music industry with connections to Music City.,There is also an 800-seat CMA Theater and the Taylor Swift Education Center. Right outside the museum is the Music City Walk of Fame on the open terrace.,Nearby have dinner at The Farm House just south of Broadway, offering a menu focusing on great Southern food and cocktails prepared with locally sourced ingredients.,Chef-Owner Trey Cioccia’s innovative fare includes delicious pimento cheese beignets, fried green tomatoes with pepper jam, and roasted buttermilk chicken served with white beans, ham and arugula. Finish with fried apple pie or a cookie plate with milk jam.,Rent a car or take a car service to Andrew Jackson’s Hermitage. This was the home of the 7th President of the United States, also known as the People’s President. His home is one of the largest, most visited presidential estates in the United States. It’s also one of Nashville’s top-rated attractions and is located minutes from downtown and Gaylord Opryland Resort.,The 1,120-acre National Historic Landmark features a tour of the president’s home. There are also walking trails to visit more than 30 historic buildings and slave quarters. You can also see the cemetery where President Jackson, his wife Rachel and some of his household staff are buried.,Then visit some of the bloodiest battle sites in the Civil War. The town of Franklin was founded in 1799 and named after Benjamin Franklin. Thousands of historic tourists visit the site of the Battle of Franklin, Carnton, and the Carter House each year.,Built in 1830, by Fountain Branch Carter, the Carter House was caught amid the Battle of Franklin on November 30, 1864. Capt. Tod Carter, who grew up in the house, was involved in the battle and mortally wounded.,The house and outbuildings show obvious battle damage with over 1,000 bullet holes still visible today. This site serves as a memorial to the Carter family, as well as both Confederate and Federal soldiers. The museum includes artifacts and information on the Carter family, their slaves and the Battle of Franklin. ,Another moving historical attraction is Carnton, home of Carrie and John McGavock. Upstairs their home served as the largest Confederate field hospital following the Battle of Franklin. Soldiers’ blood still stains the wood floors.,Robert Hicks immortalized Carrie McGavock in his New York Times bestseller ‘The Widow of the South’. The expansive McGavock Confederate Cemetery is on site, as well as a fully restored garden and slave quarters.,Afterward, explore the storybook town of Franklin, designated a Great American Main Street and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It’s just 17 miles south of Nashville, offering a 16-block historic district preserved with southerly heritage, music, shopping, and Southern culinary delights.  Celebrities Justin Timberlake, Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman, Tim McGraw and Faith Hill and Brad Paisley live or have lived in or near Franklin.,One of the most famous restaurants in town is Puckett’s. It used to be a little grocery store but now serves Southern “meat-and-three” meals. Select one slow-smoked BBQ meat with three side dishes. There is a small stage offering live, local music in a laid-back and down-home atmosphere.,After a meal, walk into Franklin Town Square. It was named “Tennessee’s Most Handsome Town” by The Rotary Club in the 1920s to encourage business expansion. There is a lot of history in the square starting with a towering Confederate soldier statue overlooking Victorian and modern buildings along Main Street.,Nearby is a newer statue of the U.S. Colored Troops near Williamson County’s first courthouse completed in 1858. The Courthouse served as a hospital after the Battle of Franklin, and this area was also where slaves were sold starting in 1813.,If you have time, one more historic site is Traveller’s Rest or Golgotha. This well-preserved Federal-style plantation house was built in 1799 and is on the National Register of Historic Places.,It was owned by John Overton, a friend of Andrew Jackson. Visitors can tour the home showcasing pre-1840 antique furniture and the slave quarters.,Before dinner, take a walk or drive along Music Row in one of the most unique neighborhoods in the world. Located southwest of downtown Nashville, this historic district is considered the heart of Nashville’s entertainment industry, particularly country and gospel music. The Country Music Association is located here along with numerous record labels, publishing houses, music licensing firms, recording studios, video production houses, radio stations and media houses.,Streets are named after some of country music’s top entertainers including Chet Atkins and Roy Acuff. This is where Elvis recorded more than 200 hit songs. Many of the businesses honor their number one stars with colorful banners displayed out front congratulating the songwriters, producers and talent.,Drive back into Nashville for dinner at The Electric Jane entertainment club. Near the entrance is a purple mural of guitarist and singer Prince. This modern-day dining and live entertainment venue deliver some of the finest entertainers in Nashville. Order from an appealing food menu that includes Greek Saganaki, a flaming cheese appetizer.,Those looking to splurge may want to dine at Mimo Restaurant & Bar inside the new Four Seasons Hotel Nashville. Michelin-starred Chef Aniello ‘Nello’ Turco heads up Southern Italian Cuisine meets Southern Hospitality with a stellar team of culinary and hospitality greats.,After dinner, purchase a ticket to the Schermerhorn Nashville Symphony, named in honor of the late Maestro Kenneth Schermerhorn. The Maestro led the GRAMMY Award-winning Nashville Symphony for 22 years.,It’s located downtown in the SoBro neighborhood, across from the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum. The spectacular interior of the building hosts a wide range of musical events, including classical, pop, jazz and world music concerts. ,After three days in Nashville, you will have a story to tell about your journey through Music City and its historical past.,Conrad Nashville – https://www.hilton.com/en/hotels/bnaleci-conrad-nashville/ 1260 West End Ave., (615)327-8000.,Noelle, Nashville, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel – https://www.noelle-nashville.com 200 4th Avenue North Nashville, Tennessee 37219, (615)649-5000.,Food and Drink,Nashville Barrel Company – https://www.nashvillebarrelco.com/home,Edleys BBQ – https://www.edleysbbq.com,Hattie B’s Hot Chicken – https://hattieb.com,The Farm House – https://www.thefarmhousetn.com,The Electric Jane – Mimo Restaurant and Bar – https://www.fourseasons.com/nashville/dining/,Mimo Restaurant and Bar – https://www.fourseasons.com/nashville/dining/,Author Bio: Jill Weinlein enjoys discovering new destinations that appeal to all of the senses. She writes about hotels, cruise ships and culinary adventures.,Growing up in Melbourne, actor Louis Mandylor got the best of both worlds — the tight-knit Greek culture and Australia’s “no worries” attitude.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,As a kid growing up in Melbourne, Louis Mandylor quickly learned one thing about the city’s tight-knit Greek community: it was impossible to keep anything a secret.,“Everyone knew everyone else and they all talked,” Mandylor says. “I’d show up for soccer practice and my coaches would know everything I had done the night before.”,Mandylor, a professional soccer player turned actor who played Nick Portokalos in the 2002 blockbuster hit, “My Big Fat Greek Wedding,” is one of the 300,000 Greek-Australians who call Victoria’s state capital their hometown.,He reprised his role as Nick in the beloved Portokalos family in “My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2” in 2016.,Melbourne, where Mandylor grew up, is the largest Greek population outside of Europe. And while Athens may be thousands of miles away, its culture is alive and well here in Australia’s second-largest city.,It’s not uncommon to hear the clipped sounds of Greek tossed around on the streets, and you’ll find tzatziki and baklava sold alongside traditional Aussie favorites like steak and kidney pie at the popular Queen Victoria Market.,In the Greek Precinct, Lonsdale and Russell streets are lined with coffee shops, delis and shops selling Mediterranean groceries. And in suburban areas like Doncaster or Clayton, many of the signs are in English and Greek.,Such scenes, along with the city’s rambling trams, sidewalk cafés and stately architecture, might tempt you to think you’re in Europe. There is a dignified air here in Melbourne, perhaps due to the city’s eternal love for the arts, reflected in its galleries, museums and cutting-edge fashion design.,Melbourne (pronounced Mel-bun) has over 3 million people. Greek-Australians are the largest ethnic group in the city, but there is also a sizeable Italian, Chinese, Vietnamese and Lebanese population.,Such international influence has contributed to the city’s excellent cuisine and eclectic nature. In fact, Melbourne often claims to be the cultural capital of Australia.,But you don’t have to be Greek to enjoy the city’s Mediterranean offerings.,Victorians of all nationalities turned out en masse last July to attempt the record for the world’s largest Zorba Dance, a Greek dance made famous in the 1964 Anthony Quinn movie, “Zorba the Greek.”,Federation Square, Melbourne’s main focal point, became a sea of blue and white when more than 1,200 Melbournians, dressed in Greece’s national colors, linked arms and snaked their way around the area performing the traditional Greek Butcher’s Dance (also known as the Zorba).,Yet while the event demonstrated Melbourne’s ties to Greek culture, it was most of all a show of Australian pride. The dance raised over US$ 13,000 for Australian Olympic athletes.,Although most Greek immigration to Melbourne was post-WWII, the town’s Mediterranean roots go way back. The Greek Community of Melbourne & Victoria was established in 1897 and is one of the oldest ethnic organizations in Australia.,Each March, it sponsors the annual Antipodes Festival, a celebration of Greek culture which includes the widely-attended two-day street party. Local artists perform at the event, and popular musicians such as Alkisti Protopsalti are brought in from Greece. Other cultural activities, including art exhibits and a film festival, continue on through September.,“We’re a very active community,” says Ross Karavis, director of the Antipodes Festival. “There are over 100 organizations here that represent different regions and cities in Greece.,Some are social clubs, but we also have an extensive network of community organizations around the Greek Orthodox Church, such as welfare services, activities for those who are retired, or language classes.”,Even though English is the first language for most Greek Australians, many are proficient in Greek at some level. Greek language classes are offered at public and private schools; other children take after-school classes. It’s just part of growing up Greek in Melbourne.,“My brother had to attend Greek school, but I refused to go because the teacher was so strict,” Mandylor remembers. “But I didn’t get out of it, because I had an uncle who visited me once a week to make sure I learned Greek.”,Speaking the language at home was also expected. “If I spoke English at the dinner table, my dad would stop me and say, ‘Under this roof, you speak Greek!’” Mandylor says.,Such scenes are reminiscent of the family life “My Big Fat Greek Wedding” portrayed.,”The movie had bits of truth that all Greek-Australian kids grow up with,” says Mandylor. “The Greek community is loud, rambunctious and always in your business. And yes, we really do have huge lamb roasts,” Mandylor jokes.,Although he now lives near Hollywood (his next role is as a soccer player in the film, “The Game of Their Lives”), Mandylor is eager to return to his native Melbourne to produce a film on Aussie Rules football, a unique version of football (players can kick, bounce, catch or punch the ball) that originated in Victoria.,“At times, it was tough growing up Greek in Melbourne,” Mandylor admits. “You had to be careful in certain neighborhoods. But that has changed ― Melbourne has changed. It’s an international city now.”,“Living in the Greek community gave Louis the best of both worlds ― the Greek culture and the Australian community,” says the actor’s mother, Louise Mandylaris, who was 12 when her family immigrated to Australia. The family spent many a fun weekend at Greek barbeques, fund-raisers and dances, she says.,Ross Karavis also believes that his heritage gave him an additional sense of identity. “Being Greek is not the end-all of my existence, but it did give me a sense of common background with others in the Greek community,” says Karavis.,“I was a chameleon who adapted easily to both worlds, getting just as much pleasure from the bad music I listened to with my school friends in the ‘70s as from the Greek music that I always heard at functions.”,Yet while the city’s Greek, Italian, Chinese and other ethnic influences all add to its allure, Melbourne is, first and foremost, a truly Australian city ― an ever-evolving town where Aussie Rules football and cricket are played on the weekends, where beer and good wines are the favored drinks of choice and where life takes on a “no worries” attitude.,And if you’re coordinated enough to join the crowds dancing the Zorba at the next Antipodes Festival, don’t be surprised if someone claps you on the back and gives you that wonderful expression of Aussie approval: “Good on ya, mate!”,If You Go:,Australian Tourism
www.australia.com,Antipodes Festival
www.antipodesfestival.com,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,When you enter into India, Goa quickly becomes an epicenter of religious and cultural harmony that infuses Goan cuisine, heritage, art and festivals.,I stood at the epicenter of India’s only Latin Quarter, Fontainhas in Goa, surrounded by a palette of purple, orange, red and blue painted houses topped with ornamental roosters and terracotta tiles.,Boarded windows painted with Christian art were garnished with petals and pots of tulips, a shrine to the quarter’s Catholic roots.,Past the traditional Portuguese taverns and the sweet scent of coconut and cinnamon-infused deserts from the confeitarias, I recognized the tell-tale red streamers and extinguished diyas of Diwali, the Hindu festival of light.,At surface level, Goa appeared to be a lazy sunshine state, a destination of sun, sand and sea, liberalized by the arrival of hippies in the 1960s and a scene for yoga, late-night psytrance parties and complete surrender to the allure of the Arabian sea.,I arrived in Goa, a state on the southwestern coast of India, with the same vision as the Cyclone Kyarr pursuing me, to churn and fragment every preconception I had, and to absorb its essence beyond the coast.,It was in Fontainhas that I first glimpsed Goa’s amalgamation of religions, cultures and histories. Here, the stone-clad arteries of Goa’s heritage village led me to understand the extent to which Portuguese influence manifests in Goan cuisine, architecture and art.,At 31 de Janeiro, one of many confeitarias owned by the families of the Indo-Portuguese Catholic community in Fontainhas, I sunk my teeth into traditional Goan sweets and Goan-style pancakes, warm concoctions of sticky layered cashew, coconut milk, egg white and cinnamon.,Named after the colorful contours of the nearby Rua 31 de Janeira Street, and the namesake of the date the Portuguese won independence from Spain in 1640, the confeitaria fused Portuguese cuisine with spices and plants native to Goa.,Yet, when I ventured farther to the local pitstop, Anita Tea House, to sample a traditional Goan breakfast, bhaji pav, I encountered a familiar blend of the pillar spices of Indian cuisine. Cumin, garam masala, turmeric and chili mingled in the Maharashtra-originating thick potato gravy, mopped up with dense bread rolls.,Native and foreign flavors are united in Goan cuisine, whose crown jewels include dishes such as fish curry, pork vindaloo or the vegetarian palak paneer. Like the harmonic blend of cultures in Goa, the food is seasoned with an alloy of spices which is never unsettling and always balanced.,It was Goa’s abundance of spices that first attracted the Portuguese to the region. They wanted to gain a foothold in the world spice market, and spice plantations now pepper the state.,While I was welcomed to Tropical Spice Plantation with the Hindu ritual of marking Tilaka between my brows, inside the Portuguese had infiltrated even the soil.,The local poison, cashew feni spirit, originated from the Portuguese’s introduction of the cashew plant to prevent the erosion of soil by minimizing the effects of flooding in India’s monsoon season.,I was warned of the strength of the Goan concoction. If not for dilution, “it will make you dance without any music,” my guide told me.,The native plants and spices bloom in abundance, too many to name. There was cardamom, pepper, cinnamon, vanilla, chili, coriander, pineapple, allspice and ginger, “the Indian saffron.”,While the aromatic jungle havens of the spice plantations were enough to elevate my senses, in Old Goa the ancient churches and relics of Goa’s past diverted my consciousness elsewhere, to history.,In the space of one afternoon, I beheld the three-story façade of the Basilica of Bom Jesus, a landmark of Christianity, and the architectural wonder of the Mangueshi Temple, dedicated to Lord Shiva.,Cyclone Kyarr was not the only climactic event to coincide with my visit to Goa. On the eve of Diwali, as the sun began to lower over the cerulean sheen of the River Mandovi, a rumble began in the streets of Panjim.,As darkness approached, the streets were lit with diyas and embellished with the colors and swirls of powdered Rangoli.,The radio blare of electronic music and the yells of neighborhood-hopping Goan teenagers were what drew me to the streets, but what rooted me there were the unearthly constructs of demon effigies, propped up by ladders and poles, and fashioned with artistic precision from wood, straw and paper.,Reaching to heights of three stories, the homemade avatars of the demon Lord Narakasur resisted even the downpours of Cyclone Kyarr, as strong an icon of each neighborhood’s workmanship and teamwork as they were a profound symbol of the destruction of darkness and evil.,Sacrificed before the return of daylight, they represented a burning image of light in the darkness.,The tradition of burning effigies on Narak Chaturdash, the eve of Diwali, is unique to the region, a statement of the Goan character and the essence of light, respect and kindness, which prevails in Goa despite cultural and religious differences.,An outlet for local artistic talent, the effigies celebrate the workmanship of the Goan people on a grand scale.,The same artistry can be seen in the brassware of Bacholim, or the handicrafts sold at Anjuna Flea Market: wood carvings of seashells, intricate Goan lace and delicate terracotta.,It was easy to see why the hippies fashioned Goa, a state of religious and cultural harmony, into their treasured home.,Many Goans credit the creation of Goa to Lord Parshuram, an incarnation of Lord Vishnu and the preserver of life. If this is so, he has preserved in Goa a natural harmony of vast inland waterways, cascading waterfalls among towering peaks and fragrant greenery.,The balance of Goa’s natural world, its spices and its unique heritage, is sown into the Goan identity, and the seamless integration of religions and cultures serves as a testament to the Goan spirit of “Sarva Sharma Sarva Bhava.” This attitude, that but for differing religious beliefs and practices, all Goans have the same ultimate destination, I found in the everyday: the cuisine, the art and the festivals.,If only visitors would look beyond the shore, they would find that the essence of Goa is around every corner, in every bite and in every smile.,If You Go:,Helpful websites include the Goa Tourism website and Goa experience. For transport, see the Goa Miles app and the Make My Trip website, which offers useful information on transport, accommodation and flights.,Author Bio: Katie Treharne is a freelance travel journalist and former junior travel editor based in Cardiff, the United Kingdom.,very intersting and useful information for goa tourism….very intersting post,,,keep sharing,This ancient Mayan city on the Yucatán Peninsula was once home to 50,000 people. Today, you can visit the Coba ruins and walk in their footsteps.,Mexico is a tropical paradise, but besides its beaches, this country offers an abundance of Mayan ruins to explore. The tiny Mayan village of Cobá, Mexico, is well worth adding to your travel list. Its awe-inspiring ruins offer an insight into the ancient Mayan city of Coba.,“To the Mayan, all that exists of the material world is all two sides of the same unit. Everything is double, but part of the same, like two sides of a coin. Maya means illusion because the human being lives in the manifestation of its own beliefs. What we believe is what we became and what we believe is expressed in our reality. Welcome to Maya!”,With those words, our guide, Alejandro Gamboa, introduces us to the ancient Mayan city of Cobá, once a thriving metropolis of 50,000 people near the Yucatan peninsula. While Cobá is well known among archaeologists, the place is not as well known to travelers.,Located just over two hours southwest from Cancun, Mexico, Cobá is one of those intriguing Mayan ruins, hidden in Quintana Roo’s inland jungle, but beach travelers to the Riviera Maya will find it an intriguing place to explore. ,Highway 109 from Tulum is the only paved road to Cobá and ends in a parking lot next to Lake Cobá with a few small shops, cafes, and a zipline. The area’s only public restrooms are here as well.,Our guide Gamboa motions us to follow him through an archway to a sign with a map of Cobá all in Spanish below the shade of a giant tree. He explains that Coba means “murky water” so named because Lake Coba is filled with sediment. He then leads us to the first group of buildings, Grupo Cobá.,Get more opportunities out of your trip to Mexico by learning Spanish before you go with Babbel. With customized lessons for any level that you can fit around your schedule, learning the language is simple and fun. Check out the Spanish lesson plan options here.,Gamboa tells us that the first white explorer here was German Teobert Maler in 1876, who photographed the site. Excavation did not happen until after the 1923 revolt against the Spanish when Pennsylvania University sent British archeologist Sir Eric Thompson and Mexican archeologist Dr. Pedro Rosa.,Thompson would return many times throughout his years of Mayan study because unlike other Mesoamerican sites, Cobá was still inhabited by a small local population.,Through those locals, Thompson made discoveries about the Mayan civilization that are still being examined today. Those findings include the Mayan Long Calendar and their extraordinary knowledge of astronomy.,More from tour guide Gamboa:,“Mayan art was born as a way of transmitting memory and wisdom. For Mayan people, the decline of the aristocracy polarized the society and this will generate war. Since war may interrupt the traditional way of transmitting memory and wisdom, they filled this place with knowledge – Arithmetic, Astronomy, Geometry, Mathematics, Cosmology, History. They said at the end of time, the splendor of these ancient cities will return and all this knowledge will be given back to mankind. They never said that the world was coming to an end on December 23, 2012. It is merely when the calendar wheels set back to zero.”,My gaze follows Gamboa’s arm as he points to the tall, dark stone pyramid in front of us.  He says when Sir Thompson explored here, he observed locals practicing rituals at the base of the structure so he named it La Iglesia, The Church.,“The priests pray midnight, sunrise, noontime, and sunset, four times a day. So as there are four directions of the world, four seasons, and four elements, they believe that each moment of the day, of a year, of an age, is ruled by each of this. For the year, the winter solstice is midnight, spring equinox is sunrise, noontime is the summer solstice, and sunset the equinox of the fall.” ,Gamboa tells us the next group of structures is about a half kilometer away and we can rent bikes to cover the distance or hire a tricycle taxi to peddle us there. One person in our group opts for the taxi while the rest of us rent bicycles that appear old but are brightly painted.,My vibrant pink bike has the number 83 on the head tube. Gamboa says the numbers are so we can find our bikes among the dozens of people who park along the passageways as they traverse the site. He adds it’s quite common for someone to mistake your bike for theirs, especially if they are the same color, so the numbers help.,With Gamboa leading the way we peddled a wide, flat pebbled path to Grupo D.,“They figured out that creation is septenary because the light has seven colors, the sound has seven notes and there were seven planets that make up the layers of the sky. We have the triangle and the square in reference of this seven. This square represents four worlds. Since there are four worlds, then we have twenty. See?”,No, I don’t, I think to myself.,“Five on north, five on east, five on south and five on west. Twenty, thirteen, and seven. Twenty steps to the place where the rulers sit. Why is that? Twenty is the way they actually kept track of time and they track eighteen months a year. The sun breathes eighteen times in a year. Human beings breathe eighteen times a minute. The heart of the earth beats four times, every time the sun breathes, just as our heart beats four times every time we breathe. Seventy-two years, 25,920 days. Seventy-two years the sun moves one degree in its procession. To complete a great day, the sun takes 25,920 years. There are 1440 minutes in one day, so we breathe 25,920 times. Small, big, it’s all the same.”,Did you follow all that?,Gamboa motions us near a cluster of half walls, centered beneath a cover of palm fronds stands a monolith.,Called a stele, (stelae – pl), they are scattered throughout Cobá. Carved into them are Mayan hieroglyphics that name rulers and historical events that happened during the period they were created.,Gamboa says stelae were erected every twenty years to remind anyone who came after, what happened before and 47 stelae have been uncovered so far.,In 1993, epigrapher Linda Schele deciphered the glyphics of Stele 1 showing they contain the entirety of the Mayan creation myth, which was a huge find for archeologists and helped to define the complexity of the Mayan Long Calendar.,Returning to our bikes, we head a half kilometer north to Grupo Nohoch Mul and Cobá’s tallest structure.,“The longest night of the year is the winter solstice, but at the end is the end as well as the beginning.  I cannot say what is actually going to be happening, but there is going to still happen a lot of things. So December 23, 2012, as I said, is not the end. There are 120 steps and a sign that says climbing is at your own risk.”,With that, we are free to climb the imposing Nohoch Mul pyramid, taller than El Castillo at Chichen Itza. The pyramid and surrounding structures were built around the 7th Century, the height of Cobá’s influence in the region.,It isn’t until you take the first step that you realize how difficult climbing is. The steps are narrow in width and tall in height, the opposite of the steps we have today.,Many travelers scoot up and down the steep structure on their rear ends and two people in our group opt not to climb for fear of heights.,My advice for climbing?,Take your time. Something else to make it easier is to face either side, not straight on, and sidestep your way up and down. Running the length of the pyramid is an attached rope for people to hold.,Make sure you pack a pair of reliable hiking shoes! Whether you want a pair of durable boots or more relaxed nature sandals, Sierra Trading Post has everything you need to make it to the top of the pyramid comfortably. Find more hiking shoes and clothing here.,In the hot midday sun climbing is strenuous, but worth it because at the summit are endless views of the surrounding jungle, nothing but green treetops for miles.,My view revealed no signs of civilization, not even the other structures or Lake Cobá.  Is this how it looked during the date inscribed on nearby Stele 30? This date corresponds to our calendar as of November 30, 780 AD.,“This is the spiritual life force that Mayas measure 13×20 because 260 days is the average time of human gestation, the rainy season, and the regular cycle of corn. A period of divine manifestation that gets repeated once every 52 years. Fifty-two years is the time that the planets take to be in the same place in the sky. The governors of destiny. They figured out that the movements of [planets] in the sky match perfectly with climatic changes, seasonal germination, and the growing powers of nature. They have a link, a mathematical equation. It’s how Maya was able to figure out the cosmos.“,Zona Archaeological de Coba,Rumors abound that Cobá will end climbing Nohoch Mul because of the dangers and footsteps degrading the structure.,My feelings are mixed about this development. To see the jungle from the summit is an amazing experience, but with hundreds of people climbing every day, accidents and damage will happen.,Bottom line? If you wish to climb the Coba pyramid, get there soon. Wear comfortable walking and bike riding shoes and bring water because it gets hot in the afternoon. Sunscreen and a hat are also useful.,Hire local guides at the entrance. Be sure the guide has an official Cobá lanyard and badge to get the best rates and knowledge. Arrange tours through area resort concierges. Avoid visiting the ruins on Sundays as it’s free admission to Mexican citizens and can be very crowded.,Ready to start exploring one of the most beautiful and historical sights in Mexico? You’ll want to be prepared with plans for transportation, hotel or VRBO bookings and ofcourse, a little insider knowledge on interesting local shops and restaurants. For all this and more check out Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Beyond the local tour guides at Cobá, you can find more private and unique tours all over Mexico through GetYourGuide. With their new cancellation policy, you can cancel your booking anytime before 24 hours of the tour so you can plan your trip stress-free. Secure your spot on one of these best-selling tours here.,People ask why I named my daughter after Austria’s capital city. The reason? A night at the Vienna Opera.,When people find out that my daughter’s middle name is Vienna, the first question is inevitably some variation of, “Oh, you didn’t name her after that mean girl from The Bachelor, did you?”,So, no. I have never watched The Bachelor. I don’t think The Bachelor is the hottest thing since those big sunflares last month. I couldn’t pick the man out of a nicely dressed, rose-holding man-ish line-up. I’m not saying I think I’m above reality TV. That would clearly be a lie since I’m streaming half of The Real Housewives. I just don’t like the brand of reality that The Bachelor brings.,My daughter is named after two things: #1 — the Billy Joel song ‘Vienna’ (We grew up in NY, what do you want?) and #2 — the city. But mainly the city because this is bigger than Billy.,I love Vienna, Austria.,My husband – let’s call him Mark (because that’s his name) – and I saw the Opera ‘Werther’ in Vienna a while back. ,In case you haven’t heard of Werther, and not many people have since 1892, it’s an operatic drama, and that should tell you all you need to know. Someone gets stabbed – Werther, in this case. He spends the next hour and a half singing to his brand new fiancé about how he was stabbed and is going to die. He dies.,His fiancé is sad, but she will prevail against this evil. She sings about this for about a half an hour. Curtains up, applause, and then everyone goes for ice cream. Love it or hate it, there is no denying the ridiculousness of opera.,But ridiculousness is not necessarily bad. Mark and I had the chance to see a Mexican singer whom we’d never heard of before – Rolando Villazon. He was, rightly, one of the world’s most renowned operatic tenors alive and performing. It was his comeback night after months off-stage with an injury. I later discovered articles about his triumphant return to Vienna all over the Internet.,We arrived at the Opera House in Vienna during a walk around town about two hours early, and we found a group of women with portable chairs hanging out around the building, talking excitedly about something in German.,And that’s when it hit me – these are Opera tailgaters. I’m from Buffalo. I know tailgating when I see it. We asked around and discovered through a mix of bungled English, German and French, that, sure enough, there was a great show to be seen and sausage was about to be shared. So we joined the tailgate line. Two hours and 6 Euro later we had two tickets to one of the most sought after performances in the country.,Let me repeat that last part – 6 Euro. $10 at the time. For two tickets. I’ve since been to the Opera in San Diego and you can’t get to the ticket booth for that much money.,It’s true we were standing the entire time, and it’s possible my boots may have come off – I was not the only one – as I dressed for comfortable, fashionable walking, and not comfortable, fashionable standing for hours on end.,But no one cared. Not even the gentleman behind me in his clearly tailored, expensive herringbone suit. The Viennese care about appearances, but they care more about experiences – everyone’s experiences, not just their own.,The Opera, as well as many museums and artistic sights, are government subsidized. Because art is like air in Vienna, and everyone needs to breathe.,The Vienna Opera House looks like it belongs in the opulent backdrops of Cameron’s ‘Titanic’ — except that it’s real. And on land. And filled with ghosts & history anyone can experience.,Ornately filled with gold filigree, purple velvet seats, green, blue and yellow intricacies carved in the walls and perfectly dimmed lighting, it is a sight to behold. Each ‘seat’, whether sitting or standing, had its own small translator box conveniently located directly below your view of the stage so you can read, watch and hear what is said almost instantaneously.,Werther is in German, but we read every word on the little screens in front of us in perfectly translated English. There was intimacy like no other venue I’ve experienced because everyone so wanted to be there and share in the experience.,And everyone was dressed to the nines, except the American tourists (yes, me) who had just discovered the performance three hours ago and were originally planning on a brewery. (See below for ‘BuffaloGirl Travel Absolute’ on how to change from Brewery to Opera attire in 30 seconds).,There are many stories that come with this experience, but this is about those moments at any great concert or show when the world around you begins to shrink. The circumference of activity defining your life grows gradually smaller and there is simply less room for worry or want.,The music played. Darkness settled into your skin. Sights and sounds collided in the house, saturating you with intertwined images of bodies, costumes and warm dusty air until everything ran together in a haze and, then Villazon gave his soul in his voice.,The walls could be on fire and it would not matter. It was so real, this constructive connection, even flames would blend into the foreground. All that mattered was the voice in the vacuum.,For some time, it was just us and that voice. I’ve no idea how long. It was like being in a trance. But for at least two hours, Vienna and Villazon gave their all to us.,Having done the equivalent of taking deep, soothing breaths for hours in a row simply by standing in place, the Viennese thanked Villazon with five standing ovations. There were tears of appreciation from both singer and audience. Villazon, for his part, loved us back. He must have to deliver that depth of performance.,And then we went for ice cream and phenomenal hot chocolate at the stylish and comfortable Hotel Sacher Cafe.,That’s one reason why I love Vienna. That’s one reason why Vienna is my daughter’s middle name.,And (nod to Billy), of course, she was waiting for me that whole time.,Notes from the Author: BuffaloGirl Travel Absolute. I learned at the Opera House to always carry a nice looking scarf. This one was a checked Burberry-like number I’d purchased earlier for about the same price as my ticket.,I slipped it around my neck in a smart tie and suddenly I was a version of dressy. Beautiful scarves are inexpensive and they are travel magic. Wrap one around your neck and tuck in your hair to avoid messy hair/makeup look. Cover your shoulders or low-neck lines in churches, or tie one around your waist to create shape in an otherwise comfortable but boxy outfit, etc. And if you make it a neutral it will go with anything so you only have to pack one.,If You Go,Vienna Tourist Board
www.vienna.info/en, ,Delightful!!,Experience Oktoberfest at the smaller, cheaper, and less crowded Cannstatter Volksfest in Stuttgart, Germany.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,When I envision Oktoberfest, images of people sprawled out on the streets, stain-splattered sidewalks, and inebriated attendees slurring their words come to mind. Generally speaking, I’m not the first person to be thrilled about a rowdy festival celebrating drinking, but to my surprise, Stuttgart’s version of Oktoberfest, Cannstatter Volksfest, was nothing like I expected (although there of course is a fair share of drunken mayhem).,Oktoberfest originated in Munich, Germany as a celebration of the wedding of Crown Prince Ludwig of Bavaria and Princess Therese of Saxony-Hildburghausen in 1810. The festivities became so popular that they became an annual tradition that spread throughout the country and the world.,While I couldn’t attend Munich’s Oktoberfest, I tried out Cannstatter Volksfest in the city of Stuttgart, located in southwest Germany. It is essentially the same concept as Oktoberfest, but it’s smaller, cheaper, and less crowded. So why go to Oktoberfest when you can go to Cannstatter Volksfest instead?,Cannstatter Volksfest, also known as the Stuttgart Beer Festival, is the world’s second-biggest beer festival after Oktoberfest with over 4 million people visiting each year. It is locally referred to as Wasen because that’s the name of the fairgrounds where it takes place.,Like Oktoberfest, it covers a lot of territory and has a massive carnival with dozens of rides, arcade games, and food stands. Arcade games are not as common in Germany, so it’s a real treat for the kids during the festival. Events last all day and end at 11:30 p.m.,Kids can enjoy the carnival while adults can head to the beer tents. There is a whole “street” dedicated to them. Each tent has a different energy and a different entrance fee. We got discount tickets but that didn’t take away from the experience at all.,I was lucky enough to have my German friends by my side. They prepared me for the experience, taught me some of the traditions and explained how everything would go down. If you want to sound like a true local be sure to joyously shout “Hoi Hoi Hoi!” every time the band yells “Zicke Zacke Zicke Zacke.” This happens periodically and is a crucial part of the experience. I asked my friends what that meant and they said it doesn’t mean anything. It’s just a way to rouse the crowd and get people to drink more beer.,We entered the beer tent at about 8 p.m. Our 30-euro tickets included 2 liters of beer which is equivalent to about five “normal” 12-ounce beers. Germans don’t mess around. Mostly everyone was wearing traditional outfits: lederhosen for the men and dirndls for the women. I found it very amusing how committed everyone was to the traditions of this celebration.,Once we got inside the tent, we got beers bigger than our heads, so heavy my wrist could barely support it. There were picnic tables everywhere filled to the brim with people dining and drinking their beers. Usually, tables cost extra to reserve, so we happily propped ourselves on a ledge in one of the walkways, right in front of the stage.,There was a lot of excitement and traffic where we were which only added to the experience. You could tell that this was something Germans had been looking forward to for a while. I had never seen so many giddy faces.,The party really got going when the band started. Brass instruments, drums, piano, and singers erupted into song, all cheesy beats that you could still sing and dance to even if you’re three beers deep. “Sweet Caroline,” “I Will Survive,” and some classic German songs (an entire genre called schlager) were some of the featured ones. Everyone clinked mugs with everyone, and cheerfully shouted cheers in German, which is “Prost.” No one is a stranger at Cannstatter Volksfest.,Read More: Discover the Dream Town of Annecy, France,People danced without a care in the world, grabbing each other’s arms and spinning around. Those without beer mugs generously gave high-fives and cheered along the way. My friends struck up conversations with anyone who scampered by and made instant friendships.,We stayed for a few hours, consuming an unreal amount of beer and singing and dancing until we couldn’t anymore. Never did I think Cannstatter Volksfest was going to be such a jolly event filled with laughter and unapologetic delight. Smiles were contagious and it was impossible to not dance and sing. This was a party I would return to every chance I got. ,And the good news is you don’t have to wait another year to go. Cannstatter Volksfest happens in March, too.,I took a train from Rotterdam, The Netherlands to get there. Depending on where you’re coming from, I recommend the train, but nearby airports work too.,I got a Eurail pass which allowed me to explore all over Europe with such flexibility. If you are planning to visit a lot of places and enjoy train travel, I highly recommend this.,I got to stay at my friend’s house but there are plenty of great hotels and hostels in the area:,Book a hotel in Stuttgart here,Stuttgart is the birthplace of Mercedes and is therefore an industry-heavy city. However, there are some magical little villages around that are delightful to explore. My friend goes to college in Esslingen which is a delightful historic village with winding canals and classic German-styled buildings. Just moseying around is a fun way to spend the day.,Esslinger am Neckar Castle is worth checking out while you’re there. It is perched above the town surrounded by vineyards and gardens with stunning views of the village. There are many stairs leading up to the top, but it’s worth it.,A western woman tells of her experience living and teaching in the Middle East and why we should all consider visiting Saudi Arabia.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,An announcement was made on my connecting flight from Istanbul to Riyadh that no alcohol would be served. It was a reminder that the plane would be landing in the world’s most conservative Islamic state.,A country where the cultural norm required that Saudi women dress a certain way. They wear an abaya, the long black robe worn over their clothing. They also wear a hijab, a black scarf worn to cover their hair, and a black niqab to cover their face.,It’s also a country where Sharia Law allowed the Mutawa, the religious police, to detain a man and a woman simply because they were an unmarried couple having a cup of coffee together at Starbucks.,A country where a woman could not go into a restaurant where men were seated. Instead, they had to go to a  separate room to be served.,A country where I would see fighter jets flying overhead after a bombing raid in Yemen, a war known as the “The Forgotten War’. I’d be reminded of the suffering taking place there. ,For these reasons and others, Saudi Arabia is unlikely to be on your list of ‘must see’ travel destinations. Nor was it on mine. But, life circumstances took me there as a teacher of English as a Foreign Language.,When I accepted a teaching post at Princess Nourah University in Riyadh, the world’s largest all-women university, concerned friends asked me, “You’re not afraid to go there?”.  No, not at all afraid, and in fact, I looked forward to the experience, and the reward was great.,Four years later I left with a renewed sense of adventure and memories for a lifetime. Having seen Saudi Arabia through ex-pat eyes, I experienced a country amid change and viewed scenery like none other.,The Arabian desert is a place of beauty. Whether one hikes the rocky, hard-packed sand or enjoys the softness of the Red Sands, ideal for sandboarding or riding in a dune buggy outside Riyadh.,About two hours away by car, you can visit “The Edge of the World”. This is a well-known stop in the desert for both Saudis and foreigners. Though it’s never crowded. The unmarked road through the desert from the highway ends above a scene of endless desert bordered by massive pillars of stone. One can easily imagine such pillars far under the sea before a rift in the earth’s crust separated the Arabian Peninsula from Africa.,Further east in Dammam, the dunes rise high into the sky where you can play in the world’s largest sandbox. The sand is soft and flowing, unlike much of the desert around Riyadh, where the sand is often laced with rocks and pebbles. However, both are equally beautiful. ,But there is more to Saudi Arabia than the desert and the delightful faces of camels. It is a country of legendary hospitality. A place where people are eager to share their culture, food, history and conversation.,You will be treated to Bedouin hospitality, which traditionally begins with dates and small cups of Arabic coffee in a three-sided tent. Then a communal meal is served where everyone is seated on the ground on colorful rugs and shares rice and pieces of mutton cooked on a spit. ,A visit to a souq, a traditional market is a must. You will find anything from fresh fruits and vegetables to shops full of trinkets. Also, antique silver jewelry and hand-crafted gold necklaces, earrings and bracelets.,For sure, the merchants will “…offer you a special price for you today” for anything you would like to buy (though no bargaining the price of gold).,Chances are you will go home with a handmade carpet, the colors of which are far too beautiful to leave behind. Or maybe a gold necklace or earrings that will remind you of the merchant taking time to serve you sweet mint tea and talk about the design of the jewelry.,Crown Prince, Mohammed bin Salman al Saud, opened Saudi Arabia to tourists in 2019. It was part of his program called Vision 2030, meant to bring his country into the 21st century. Likely also realizing that the supply of oil is diminishing and that tourism could bring in needed revenue in the future.,Music of all kinds is now played in outdoor theaters and men and women, married or not, can enjoy it together. Singers and performers such as Mariah Carey and Sean Paul recently appeared on stage together.,The South Korean group, Super Junior also performed to the delight of young Saudi women, whose interest in Korea was piqued by this group. I remember a student of mine enthusiastically talking about Korean culture and food and had even taught herself some phrases from the language.,Some performers, however, such as Nicki Minaj, cancelled their shows to protest the Kingdom’s violation of women’s rights and those of the LGBTQ community.,The claim was that the Crown Prince was only allowing musical concerts to better the image of his country. Those claims may be true, but change continues to take place.,Foreign women no longer must wear an abaya or cover their hair. Alcohol is still banned though there is some talk of its being allowed in hotels that foreigners frequent.,Movie theaters have opened and, maybe most importantly, since 2018 women have been allowed to drive, making work more accessible to them than it was previously.,Professions such as police officers and lawyers, once the domain of men only, are now open to women. They now make up about 52% of the student population in the universities. ,In the past, stoning was punishment for adultery, but that practice no longer exists. Plus flogging for what were known as ‘moral crimes’ rarely, if ever, happens. Religious tolerance is increasing and the Mutawa no longer roam the streets looking for violations of Sharia Law.,There is much to enjoy and to learn in Saudi Arabia. Each February outside Riyadh, a festival of Saudi Arabian culture and that of other Gulf countries is held. Here people are eager to talk with visitors about their country and will want to learn about theirs in return.,Twice I attended the festival and I was invited to sit with Saudi women, one of whom gave me a bottle of water from Makkah, Islam’s holiest city.  Another gave me delicious cookies, ma’amoul, filled with dates, made in Qassim Province to the north of Riyadh.,It is unlikely that you have ever been to a camel beauty contest or learned about and participated in the tradition of falconry. Also unlikely you’ve slept in a Bedouin tent under the stars of the Empty Quarter.,Or visited Abha, where the high mud houses were built upon mountainsides and reachable only by a rope, a way of keeping Ottoman warriors at bay.,You’ve probably never walked among the historic streets of Jeddah and seen the ornate wooden windows designed to let in cool air but keep the women safe from prying eyes. Nor gone diving or snorkeling in the Red Sea. But all this and more are there for the taking.,I still miss the Kingdom, its hospitality, its culture, its warm, sandy deserts. While traveling in Cyprus during my time in Saudi Arabia, I came across this sign on a beach: “You can shake the sand from your shoes, but it will never leave your soul.”  How true that saying has become for me. ,When I made the decision to accept a teaching position in Saudi Arabia, friends asked if I wasn’t afraid to go there.  Others since that time have expressed to me that that is a country they would never visit mostly because of the country’s human rights abuses, including the way women are treated, the death of a dissenting Saudi journalist, and the overall perception that the Middle East is a dangerous place.,What I found instead was a country opening up to the 21st century, where many of the restrictions have disappeared. Never did I feel afraid even when I traveled solo; in fact, I felt welcomed wherever I went.,A frequent question I am asked about my time in the Kingdom is whether I had to wear an abaya and cover my hair, and the answer is “Yes.”  At the time, all women had to wear an abaya and put a scarf to cover their hair, but a niqab, the face-covering required of Saudi women was not necessary for foreigners. ,All that has since changed. Foreign women can now go out without an abaya, but are asked to dress modestly – no tank tops, shorts, or tight pants. ,Start planning your cultural adventure to Saudi Arabia today. Find insider knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, restaurant reviews and more information from locals and visitors through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Numerous travel agencies can be easily found and I highly recommend:  amazingtours.com.sa,I would also recommend this guidebook, published in 2020:,A Travelers’ Guide to Saudi Arabia: Jeddah, Riyadh, Al Ula, Mada’in Salih, Ha’il, Jubbah, Al Jawf, Tabuk, Tayma, Khaybar, Taif, Abha, Najran, Layla by Bob Gibbons and Stephane Parrenin.  The Lonely Planet Guide is also excellent.,In addition, blueabaya.com is the website of a Finnish woman married to a Saudi.  The site is very informative culturally and historically.  Here is some of what she has written:,“The purpose and goal of this website is to highlight the positives of life in Saudi Arabia through a sense of humour while maintaining a realistic mindset. Through beautiful, unique imagery and captivating storytelling, the Blue Abaya blog aims to show the outside world the true beauty of the land, culture, nature and traditions of Saudi Arabia, a place that still remains widely unknown and mysterious to so many.“,Author Bio: Ava Kabouchy is the author of two books: “Where in the World is Grammie Now?”: The Adventures of a Globetrotting Grandmother,” written to teach children about Saudi Arabia and to encourage grandmothers, such as herself, to travel, experience, and learn.  She also authored  “Wanderlust:  A New Lease on Life in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia”, published by Europe Books. Ava makes her home in southwest France and in summer, on a remote island off the coast of Maine, USA.,I enjoyed this story as well as Wanderlust. My friend who worked in Saudi did too. Traveling to Saudi Arabia is now on my list of places to visit.,Well written & comprehensive article about Saudi Arabia, Ava. It dispels many myths about the Kingdom. Nice work!,History, architecture, food, entertainment, and thermal baths have put this Hungarian city on the top of travelers’ must-visit lists.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Housed in a late 19th-century neo-Renaissance building, Budapest’s impressive Hungarian State Opera House (Andrassy ut 22) is a fitting testament to Hungary’s rich architectural legacy. Inside, visually striking frescoes and gold-encrusted boxes can easily draw attention away from the operas, classical concerts and ballets.,Taking in one of the venue’s lavish performances allows you to absorb the grand and stately atmosphere that the Hungarian State Opera House emits when in full swing. Typical prices for evening performances start at around 3,300 HUF (US$ 17).,Even if you don’t choose to enjoy an evening of pirouettes or arias, a 45-minute daytime tour of the opera house leaves many visitors in awe.,Until as recently as 1873, Budapest (located in northern Hungary) was two distinct cities —the hilly Buda and the flat Pest — separated by the Danube River.,Budapest today is a vibrant city that offers exceptional cultural offerings, as well as city walks, seasonal festivals and museums brimming with everything from art and history to more unusual sights — such as the intriguing mummified arm of King István, Hungary’s first Christian king, in St. Stephen’s Basilica.,Central Budapest is packed with dozens of coffee shops. Diets should be left at home, as you’ll easily find your powers of resistance being tested to the limit while here, given the array of sweet treats and cakes available in the city’s charming coffeehouses.,One decadent pastry you should seek out is retes, a flaky strudel filled with apples, cherries, cheese or poppy seeds. Perhaps the best place to begin sightseeing is along the main street of Andrassy Avenue, in Pest, where the Hungarian State Opera House is nestled among a clutch of retail shops, smart restaurants and cafes.,Opposite the opera house, Muvesz Kavehaz — Artist Coffeehouse — (Andrassy ut 29) stands out from the crowd. This traditional Hungarian coffee shop displays a character of its own. Baroque-style mirrors lend a sense of elegance and expansiveness, and wicker chairs clustered around small cafe tables add to the atmosphere.,Temptingly displayed cakes, tortes and pastries are ideal accompaniments for steaming cups of strong, dark kave.,If you enjoy walking (and what better way is there to burn off those slices of torta?), you’ll appreciate Budapest’s myriad streets geared toward pedestrians. The city’s beautiful scenery and numerous walking routes are perfect for everything from laidback strolls to invigorating walks.,Notable walks include the peaceful greenery of Margaret Island (some 2.5 km long and positioned in the middle of the Danube, the island is accessible by foot or tram) and Buda Hills, home to the Budakeszi Game Preserve.,While walking through the city, don’t forget to look up, down and all around, as you’ll find stunning examples of architecture, including many buildings in the Art Nouveau style.,Across the Széchenyi Chain Bridge, on the Buda side of the city, is the Castle District. Composed of Castle Hill and Watertown, this area is steeped in regal, military and religious history. Sixty meters above the Danube, Castle Hill is built over an extensive network of caves — spanning some 28 km (17 m) in total — carved into the landscape by thermal springs.,Along with sights such as the Royal Palace, the Vienna Gate and the neo-Gothic-style Matthias Church (Mátyás Templom), you’ll find a range of museums on Castle Hill, including the Museum of Military History, the Golden Eagle Pharmacy Museum and the Hungarian National Gallery.,The latter is home to permanent collections by noted Hungarian artists. Some of the major works of art here are the Baroque works of Jakab Bogdany, and 20th-century pieces by artist Karoly Ferenczy and sculptor Ferenc Medgyessy. Several major bridges span the Danube.,The Széchenyi Chain Bridge, built by Scotsman Adam Clark and completed in 1849, is the most breathtaking and ornate. This oldest bridge in Budapest offers more than a walkway for pedestrians; pause at any point on the bridge and you’ll be treated to fantastic views and photo opportunities galore.,The House of Hungarian Wines (Szentháromság ter 6) can also be found on Castle Hill. Visitors here can learn about Hungary’s 22 wine-growing regions while sampling choice selections during a tasting tour.,One of Budapest’s defining characteristics is that it was built upon approximately 100 thermal springs (about 1,000 springs are found throughout Hungary), which form the basis for the city’s renowned spas.,The city is home to around four dozen spas, ranging from medical and therapeutic spas to public baths. A number of major hotels offer spas; the grande dame of them all is the famed Gellért Thermal Bath (Szent Gellért ter 1), in the luxurious Gellért Hotel .,The waters from this spring were originally channeled by the Romans into public baths. The Gellért Thermal Bath, built in 1918, offers a wide range of options, including a thermal pool, an effervescent pool and a wave pool. A naturist sunbathing deck, along with a large outdoor pool, is open from April through September.,A trip to Budapest wouldn’t be complete without a stroll through the Great Market Hall (IX Fovam ter) — also known as the Central Market Hall — the biggest covered, indoor food market in the city.,The Great Market Hall is a food-lover’s paradise, where you can find stall upon stall offering a colorful display of meats, fish, deli items, wines, fruits, cheese, vegetables — and of course, that Hungarian staple, paprika.,The spice can be purchased here in all sorts of forms, including dried, crushed, fresh, on a string or pickled, in a jar. If the sight and smell of all the wares start to make you feel hungry  (and it inevitably will), you can join the locals upstairs and do what the locals do by purchasing traditional Hungarian fare such as csirke  paprikas (chicken paprika) or gulyas (goulash) from food stalls.,If You Go:,Budapest is a beautifully engaging city that can easily be compared to other hip Central European cities of note, such as Prague or Warsaw; yet Budapest has retained its own unique Magyar character and charm. Whether your interests are culture, history, architecture, food or entertainment,  Budapest is an ideal destination.,Budapest Tourism Office:,www.budapestinfo.hu/en/,Hungarian Tourism:,www.hungary.com,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Devona Anidi,The largest of Greece’s Dodecanese islands, Rhodes, has it all. From historic culture to miles of scenic beauty, there is endless island fun. Here’s what to see and do in Rhodes.,“You want to spend two weeks on Rhodes?” my Greek friend asked, the tone of his voice demonstrating great skepticism. “You’ll go out of your mind.”,Those words prompted me to fear that I had made a mistake traveling to Rhodes, but it was too late. Airline tickets had been bought, hotels had been booked.,Fast forward two months. After my trip, I recalled that warning and knew that those words of warning were wrong. In fact, I wish that I had stayed on Rhodes even longer.,Hearing the word “Greece” can conjure up multiple images. Whitewashed villages gleaming in the sun. Seas that range in a spectrum of color from light turquoise to dark blue. Archaeological sites which trace the roots of Western civilization.,Rhodes is the largest of Greece’s Dodecanese islands. Conveniently packed into an area about one-third the size of Rhode Island, it has it all. That means visitors may discover the allures and attractions of Rhodes at a leisurely pace.,The entire island is an outdoor museum of reminders of peoples who have passed through before. They include the seafaring Phoenicians, Persians, the Roman Empire and Ottoman Turks.,The city of Rhodes is perched at the northernmost tip of the island where an ancient settlement rose more than 2,400 years ago. Monuments from every period since then stand in silent testimony to its long history.,The old walled section is the largest inhabited medieval town in Europe. Ancient buildings and fortifications manifest an atmosphere of the Middle Ages as authentic as that found anywhere.,Many of the most impressive structures date back to the period between 1307 and 1522 A.D., when the Order of Knights of St. John of Jerusalem ruled and left imposing evidence of their presence.,The Street of the Knights, lined by former residences, leads to the fortress-like Grand Master’s Palace. An archaeological museum is located in what once served as the main hospital of the Knights. Hippocrates Square, the Old Town’s main shopping area, is lined by imposing stone buildings that today house restaurants and bars.,Despite its population of only about 1,100 people, Lindos vies with Rhodes as a magnet for visitors. It’s a quintessential Greek village of white houses dazzling in the sunlight, perched on the side of a steep hill. Looming above is the acropolis, a cliff topped by graceful columns that are remnants of the Temple of Athena. Also intriguing is an outdoor auditorium carved into a rocky cliff that once seated 1,800 spectators.,Find out more interesting history from the locals by learning Greek before you go. Rosetta Stone has lesson options that can be customized to fit your schedule and level of conversation. Check out their special deals and language options here.,Located near the middle of Rhodes, the town of Lindos is well situated for day trips to beaches and other attractions. Like many destinations in Europe, Rhodes is lined by beaches that range from soft sand to rounded pebbles. The most inviting stretches of sand are strung along the east coast of the island.,Despite the allure of sand and sun, I managed to tear myself away to delve into a mixed bag of historic sights. Driving through the countryside, I followed roads that snake over rolling hills and low mountains. Landscapes vary from arid, rocky terrain near the coastline to verdant forests in the interior.,A stroll through the extensive ruins of ancient Kamiros introduced the lifestyle of its original inhabitants during the 6th and 5th centuries B.C. The site spills down a hillside overlooking the sea. On the top level stood a temple complex of Athena and a covered reservoir, large enough to supply water to several hundred families through a network of terra cotta pipes.,The main settlement, on a lower terrace, consisted of a grid of streets and houses adorned with mosaic floors and painted wall decorations. The remains of public baths include hot and cold chambers, and an underground system for heating the rooms.,Equally inviting is the contemporary life encountered in tiny unspoiled mountain villages, which in many ways has changed little over generations. Many town folk cling stubbornly, and proudly, to their traditional ways. Residents of Archangelos are known as master artisans who make pottery and weave carpets and tapestries, using the same time-honored methods as their forebears.,Anyone driving into the village of Appolonia need only follow the wonderful aroma to find the little bakery of the same name. It bakes breads and cakes that were mentioned in The Iliad, using recipes handed down by generations of local families. If you’re ever there, be sure to sample melekouni, a sweet pastry revered in Homer’s texts, and “spoon sweet,” a popular Greek dessert flavored with a variety of fruits.,Kritinia is one of the prettiest villages on Rhodes. Clinging to a hillside, the town of about 550 inhabitants offers panoramic views of the sea in one direction and, in the other, of Mount Attavyros, at 3,985 feet the highest spot on the island.,For an excellent meal, and opportunities to meet friendly locals, stop at any of the small tavernas that you pass when driving between and in villages. The owners are often the cooks and wait staff, and even if they speak no English, they go out of their way to help you order. Several times I was invited into the kitchen to see what was available and point to my selection.,As ubiquitous as tavernas throughout Rhodes are the churches, and they come in all sizes. While the major religious edifices attract most visitors, I found even more inviting the tiny white chapels that are scattered around the island. Many of these minuscule structures can accommodate only a handful of worshipers.,Those miniature places of worship stand in contrast to large cathedrals built when Rhodes was a power in the ancient world. The atmosphere in Rhodes and Lindos is very different from that experienced in villages elsewhere on the island. That diversity accounts for much of the appeal of Rhodes and introduces those who visit to all that Greece has to offer.,Ready to travel back in time to the historic beauty of Rhodes, Greece? Let Kiwi do the searching for you and find the ultimate flight deals and ground transportation bundles here. When you’re ready to book you can find the best local restaurants, VRBO or hotel options and insider tips on what else to stay during your stay through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Be sure to make the most out of your Greek adventure by booking with GetYourGuide. Find an activity for everyone, from the Symi Island Full Day Trip by Boat to the Guided Walk and Wine Tasting Tour in Medieval Town. Check out more tours here and book your dates today!,For more information log onto the Greek National Tourism Organization website at visitgreece.gr.,Author Bio: After gallivanting throughout the United States and to more than 75 other countries around the world, and writing about what he sees, does and learns, Victor Block retains the travel bug. He firmly believes that travel is the best possible education, and claims he still has a lot to learn. He loves to explore new destinations and cultures, and his stories about them have won a number of writing awards.,Good blog with the useful content.,Planning a trip? WithLocals is an app that connects you with local tour guides in hundreds of destinations across the world.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,WithLocals is one of the largest networks of local guides around the globe. Its goal is to help travelers find authentic experiences as hosted by locals in cities worldwide.,Here are 5 ways WithLocals can help you have a better trip:,In many locations around the world, WithLocals offers expert local guides at top tours, attractions and destinations. You can book your own private tour with a guide or join a small group tour.,In Rome, for example, we used WithLocals to book a private tour of the Colosseum with a guide from WithLocals. Seeing a location through the eyes of an expert local makes all the difference — and it was fun to tour the Colosseum with just our own family group.,We booked a private tour with Carlo, a historian and Rome native. His insight and expertise (he is an archeologist) made the tour one we will always remember.,So if you’re planning a trip, head to WithLocals to find the guided tour for you.,Another great way to use WithLocals is to learn about hidden gems that you may not have found on your own while exploring the city.,WithLocals guides know all of the best places to visit and some of the best things to do in their city. They can help you discover the best museums, parks, bars and even hidden concerts or events that you wouldn’t have found out about otherwise.,One of the biggest benefits of WithLocals on your travels is the chance to learn about what is worth your time and money. Tours are curated by location, and they offer a variety of experiences for every personality type.,Another great way to use WithLocals is to network with locals to build better travel experiences. A WithLocals guide can help you find activities, events and meet-ups where you can meet other travelers like you staying in the city.,When you network with other travelers, you can find out about the best parts of your city that aren’t necessarily in guidebooks. This will give you a completely new perspective on the city and its attractions.,The best way to experience a city like a local is to stay in the neighbourhood where locals live. You’ll be able to experience daily life and have a better idea of the things to do in your neighbourhood. WithLocals guides live in almost every neighbourhood in their city and can advise on the best spots.,They can help you find the best neighbourhoods to stay in based on your interests and budgets. This is a great way to immerse yourself in the culture and daily life of a city.,Book your tours and see the city like a local through WithLocals here.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Sandy Page is a life-long adventurer. In her free time, she reads and consumes copious amounts of hot beverages.,Zaragoza, Spain may not be well known with tourists, but its unique culture and cuisine make it well-worth the visit.,Sitting in a quaint Irish bar on a cold, crisp January morning with a café con leche as my only source of companionship might not be the typical image people associate with Spain.,Like most Brits, the idea of sun, sea and sangria has been generated from years of holidays along the famous Costa del Sol.,These include a plethora of guiris, a jovial term Spanish people use to refer to the typical man who is seen at a beach with his pale skin and his unflattering socks and sandals combination.,Walking through the various districts of my adopted home town of Zaragoza, a vibrant little city situated between the more pulsating cities of Madrid and Barcelona, it is clear that Spain is a country more diverse than many are led to believe.,The rolling hills of the Pyrenees, a place famous with skiers from across the world, are in stark contrast to the beautiful golden beaches of the south.,This diversity can be seen on so many levels, whether it is found in politics or food, giving people a cloudy sense of what is considered ‘real Spain’.,Fiestas are a common trend throughout all regions, and there’s no doubt that the Spanish know how to enjoy nightlife.,Most bars will remain dead until 1 a.m., a time when British people start thinking about what kebab to have in the taxi home.,However, this appears as one of the few customs that is consistent from one city to the next and it is clear that each of the 17 autonomous regions pride themselves on their own traditions and heritage.,Being in the heart of Aragon, one is forever inundated with information about local sites and delicacies rather than Spain’s most widely regarded trends.,Migas, a dish containing breadcrumbs and chorizo originally eaten as a breakfast dish, but which has now become more popular as a lunch or dinner plate, is a dish that Aragoneses hold close to their heart.,It’s a dish they are likely to offer any foreigner visiting the region, whether it is in a restaurant or a family home.,Dishes such as migas and paella, the latter being more universally recognized, provide the backbone of a culture which prides itself on having five meals a day.,Cenar, or lunch as foreigners know it, is usually consumed between 2 p.m. and 3 p.m. and is a perfect opportunity for families to get together and indulge in three home prepared plates.,This is swiftly followed by a siesta, a trend that few people need to have explained. The thought of eating so much food and remaining active appears too much for some.,Yet to the Spanish, an occasion without food would be as unthinkable as a Christmas without presents.,Barely a week goes by without a local or national holiday being celebrated somewhere in the country.,As I write in the aftermath of the New Year, local bakers prepare the famous roscon, a sweet bread ringed dessert filled with crème which is eaten by families in Zaragoza as part of San Valero (Jan. 29), a day in which locals have the day off from work to celebrate the city’s patron saint.,It’s a curious sight for an Englishman who celebrates Saint George’s Day in the same manner he celebrates a normal Friday — by having a few bevvies at the end of a regular working shift.,Yet food and holidays are just a few things that make this one of the most intriguing of cultures.,For the past 40 years, Spain has been trying to move on from the leadership of Franco, the dictator responsible for some of the country’s darkest days.,It has entered a world of globalisation. Influences from around the world are evident, whether it is a quaint Irish bar or even the local Chinese buffet.,For many employers, English is regarded as a necessity, making it easier for foreign people to explore parts of the mainland previously untouched by foreign foot.,With a population of more than 700,000, Zaragoza is quickly becoming popular with tourists from all over the world.,It has become one of the more prevalent destinations for Erasmus students looking to immerse themselves into the Spanish culture.,It has everything the big cities offer all within close proximity, and with a cinema providing original version films, it is sure to keep this boy from London here a while at least.,Plaza del Pilar
https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plaza_del_Pilar,Aljaferia
https://www.turismodezaragoza.es/ciudad/patrimonio/mudejar/palacio-aljaferia-zaragoza.html,Puerto Venecia
https://www.puertovenecia.com/,Author Bio: Born and raised on the outskirts of London, Stuart Fitch is a journalism graduate currently teaching English as a foreign language. He has lived in Spain for over three years after spending one year working in China. Since graduating from University, he has continued writing as a way of relaxing and sharing his experiences. In his free time, he likes to read and go to the cinema as well as play weekend football with his friends.,[mappress mapid=”959″],I was looking for an inside view of Bollywood, but this wasn’t what I expected.,My Bollywood adventure began in the frenetic tourist district of Colaba, in Mumbai, India. Honestly, I had entertained a tiny fantasy of experiencing the Indian movie industry first-hand — but it was far from my mind as I teetered on a narrow (and I do mean narrow: my toes hung off one side and my heels the other) cement median in the middle of four lanes of exhaust-spewing traffic.,I gauged my odds of crossing in one piece as similar to that of the scores of limping dogs that I had seen since arriving in India.“Has anyone approached you about being an extra in a Bollywood movie?”,I threw a quick look over my shoulder to see a clean-cut man in his 30s smiling openly at me. My priorities lay elsewhere: “Help me cross the street!”,I shadowed him through the choked traffic, knowing I had a better chance of traversing unscathed if I used a local as a human shield. (This also works with local elementary school students, I am not ashamed to admit.),He then presented me with a business card: “Planet Star” Casting Company was looking for 18 “Western European–looking” tourists to work as extras. The terms: to meet at the popular Leopold’s Café the following morning at 7 a.m., from whence we would be taken by luxury coach to the film set.,We would put in a long day of shooting, starting with costumes and makeup, until 6 p.m. or so. Lunch and payment of 500 Indian Rupees (about US$ 10) was included. Was I interested? Absolutely!,Arriving early the next morning, I passed the time in a 24-hour Internet café chatting with family and friends about my exciting day ahead. Everyone was online and our conversations flowed in real time.,“What is the movie called?” my husband inquired. “Doom 2!” I exalted across cyberspace.,Fear cloaked as disapproval churned in his response. “Isn’t that based on an ultra-violent video game?” The actual title was Dhoom 2, as I would learn later, sequel to the hugely successful action flick Dhoom, starring a handful of India’s hottest, hippest actors.,Friends in New Delhi proffered advice. “They will think you are loose because of how you look and because you are Western. But you will be fine because of how you handle yourself.”,At Leopold’s, pockets of already-sweating foreigners sipped instant coffee and downed yellow omelets and cold toast in the silence of steamy dawn. We pooled our information and stoked our imaginations.,“They said we will have beautiful costumes and professional hair and makeup!”,“I wonder if we will have to do stunts?”,“Maybe it will be a battle scene like in Lord of the Rings! Will we have to ride horses?”,“We are going to be movie stars …”,As with every Western expectation of India, the day’s events happily unfolded “something like that.” Our “luxury” coach was filthy and snarled with dents, broken seats and no air-conditioning. But we were heady and ecstatic, up for glorious adventure. This vehicular throwback to the British Raj–era India became our limousine, the driver our personal chauffeur, the roadside pedestrians our fans.,At Studio 5 we were hustled into a long, mirrored room for wardrobe, where we unashamedly rubber-necked for racks of beautiful costumes.,A burly Indian strode in, threw open an enormous metal trunk and began tossing out items of clothing … very small items.
Tank tops, scarves — no, wait, that’s a mini-skirt — and fur-and-feather lined pieces!,The women’s costume pieces were teeny, tiny, tight and revealing. I was presented with a miniscule tube of stretchy fabric.,“You want me to wear this?” Dismissed with a flick of the hand toward the changing room, I didn’t know if my mystery scrap was a top, a skirt or a micro-dress. Remembering my friend’s prophetic words about loose foreigners, I pulled the tube snugly over one trousered thigh, grinning and gesturing comically at the fit.,After two more futile attempts to dress me, I had made my point and was exasperatedly waved on, having earned the right to make my film debut wearing loose-fitting Indian-styled clothes.,“Go! Go-go-go! This way!”,Eighty uniformed primary school children surged toward us, shrieking. Panicked museum staff flapped their arms, attempting to stop the deafening pandemonium. The cavernous exhibit room was smoke clogged, and the giant, thick-boned T-Rex skeleton shook viciously with the force of hundreds of feet pounding the cold floor.,My friend tumbled to her knees in the human tidal wave. As I reached back and grasped her arm to pull her up, in front of us a tiny Chinese girl tripped over her black patent shoes and flopped onto her face. She squinched up her bright eyes and opened her rosebud mouth to wail; I scooped her up and fought through to the safety of the wall of Aztec artifacts.,“Stop! Stop!”,Slowly we all ground to a halt, panting in the humidity. The sense of urgency dissipated with the thinning canned-fog effects and feeble air conditioning. The ivory papier- mâché T-Rex grinned down on us, toothily amused, now only quivering slightly as if in anticipation of the next take.,“Children, there will be no smiling! Any smiling children will be ERASED by the computer!”,In a last-ditch attempt to manipulate the hordes of tiny actors and actresses into taking their jobs more seriously, the frustrated director resorted to techno-terrorist threats projected through a megaphone.,We were into Hour 3 of sprinting, dodging and stomping to escape the gnashing mandibles of “giant spiders” (apparently the size of Jack Russell terriers and much fiercer), to be digitally inserted post-production. A cell phone tinkled distantly, fainter than my pulse slamming in my ears. I sank to the floor, intent on resting my screaming leg muscles before the next grueling take.,“Shut UP! “SHUT UP! Get OFF MY SET! I’m serious — are you serious?”,All sound in the room zippered into imperfect silence. The Big Actor had spoken — screamed, actually — at the man with the cell phone. Tantrums — complete with stomping feet and pin-wheeling arms — continued hourly, much to the amusement of us Westerners, who were used to such antics being confined to the schoolyard.,After each outburst Hair Repair and Makeup workers scurried to repair the damage. Hair Repair held up a melon-sized mirror while The Big Actor scrutinized each combed black lock for perfection, scowling ferociously at his flawlessly handsome, chiseled features. It was reminiscent to a budgie cooing at its own reflection.,It was a long day, 10 hours total. By 6:30 p.m. we were exhausted and not a little fearful that shooting would continue infinitely. But as promised, we were fed a delicious lunch, given hot sweet chai during our frequent breaks, and finally returned to Colaba — paid in full — late that evening.,Much later, at home, I found the movie at my neighborhood video store. Excitedly, I scanned through every scene for a glimpse of myself.,I was surprised at how much was added post-production; even Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs were added in. Then, during a giant-spider action sequence, there I was!,I was relieved that it was a full-body shot from a distance, and not a close-up of my dirty feet. Despite scrutinizing every additional scene, that was it … I was on for all of 1.5 seconds. Ten hours of hard work for just over one second!,I thought back to the director’s commands that day: “ And you will run … and there is precious treasure … and you will run this way … and that way … and … ACTION!”,The director’s orders were unwitting poetry describing India herself: the force of her energy as continuous movement and staccato sound; the frenetic crush and vivacity of her people; and their trueness of purpose and commitment to life. That day, we were pushed and pulled until, finally, filming was stopped and all was quiet.,If You Go,Mumbai Tourism,www.tourism-of-india.com,India Tourism,www.incredibleindia.org,Thanks for sharing this one with us.,In the land that inspired “Silent Night,” Christmas is still a time of magic and wonder. Here’s how to celebrate Christmas in Austria.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.   ,It was just a simple poem written by a village priest, but when the church organist composed a melody for it, “Silent Night” became a song that would touch the world.,The priest, Josef Mohr, and church organist Franz Gruber wanted to give a song of hope to their small congregation in the village of Oberndorf bei Salzburg in Austria.,The region had suffered through years of war and hardship, and life had been difficult. The duo’s simple song was first performed in Oberndorf on December 24, 1818, and soon took on a life of its own.,Traveling singers heard the carol and later performed it at trade fairs in around Christmas in Germany, and then brought it to the court of the King of Prussia, where the Royal Court’s Director of Music requested a copy of the song.,Despite its humble beginnings, the song went on to become one of the best-known Christmas carols in the world.,Today, Christmas in Oberndorf and the surrounding region of Salzburg is still a time of wonder and magic. In a world where the holidays are threatened by commercialism, this small region of Austria still celebrates Christmas in many traditional ways.,On Christmas Eve in Oberndorf and many nearby communities, the lights in the churches are dimmed, leaving only candlelight. Then the congregation sings “Silent Night” in its original German version: “Stille Nacht, heilige Nacht“.,The sound of this memorable tune in such an inspirational setting is a moving experience.,Today, you can still visit the Silent Night Chapel and Museum, which stands in place of the former St. Nicholas Church where the song was first performed. The chapel is open daily from 8.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. year-round.,During the holidays, you’ll find the chapel’s annual Christmas market just steps from where Silent Night was originally performed. The Silent Night chapel has meaning to many people around the world, and has become almost a pilgrimage site.,You’ll hear all languages among the shoppers looking for handmade ornaments, sweet gingerbread and other delicacies.,The city of Salzburg is just a 30-minute drive from Oberndorf, making it an excellent base to explore the region at Christmastime. Best-known as the town in the film “Sound of Music,” Salzburg is utterly charming at Christmas, with its narrow cobble-stone streets lit up in sparkling lights and Christmas concerts performed throughout the city.,The traditional Christkindl market in Cathedral Square is a delight for the senses, with the smells of gingerbread and hot mulled wine wafting among the traditional stalls selling handmade ornaments and Christmas cookies.,Local choirs and children’s school groups often perform carols throughout the evening, drawing visitors to the square with the sounds of their voices.,The Christmas market at Hellbrunn Palace is another popular favorite. In truth, Hellbrunn is more of a manor than a palace, but visitors delight in its amusing trick foundations and beautiful gardens.,From November 17 to December 24, Hellbrunn transforms into a Christmas fairytale, with hundreds of conifers decorated with some 13,000 light balls and strings.,The castle façade is transformed into an oversized advent calendar, and there are pony and train rides along with Christmas market stalls selling baked goods and hand-crafted works.,The small Austrian villages of St. Gilgen, Strobl and St. Wolfgang celebrate Christmas in a distinctive way.,All three are connected by Lake Wolfgangsee, and at Christmastime, a ferry service carries visitors to Christmas markets at all three villages during the evening, cruising past giant floating lanterns, the lit Ox’s Cross and the Wedding Cross beneath the Falkenstein Wall.,Onboard you can keep warm with a mug of hot wine. From the lake, you can see the villages lit in their holiday finest, with views of St. Gilgen’s 11-meter high advent candle, Strobl’s six-meter high Christmas star and St. Wolfgang’s lantern of peace.,Sometimes, you’ll even hear the echo of Christmas choirs or brass horns across the water.,At Christmas, the streets of St. Gilgen are decorated with hundreds of Advent candles, with the 11-meter candle serving as the famous icon of the village.,The Christmas market is painted in Baroque style, with painted figures of animals, angels and people. An illuminated path guides visitors along the Biblical story of Christ’s birth.,The season in St. Gilgen includes concerts and Christmas plays. Many families come to enjoy the Mozart ice rink or to take the cable car up Zwölferhorn Mountain for an incredible view of the lake.,The idyllic town of Strobl turns into a nativity village at Christmas. The life-size nativity scene is a focal point, and a shepherd’s path guides visitors to a giant Advent gate and then along more than 30 wooden stalls selling cookies, sweetbreads and other pastries.,Many also sell handicrafts and Christmas ornaments. Little ones like visiting the small flock of sheep on sight, and groups of musicians can often be heard singing carols. Log fires offer places to stop and warm up.,The first thing that most people see when nearing the village of St. Wolfgang by ferry is its huge, floating peace lantern. Large Advent gates lead to lantern-lit streets lined with Christmas trees.,Christmas angels – usually local teenage girls – visit the Christmas market to add to the spirit, and small bands perform Christmas carols throughout the season.,The St. Wolfgang Christmas market is open from Monday to Friday, but Wednesdays are perhaps the most fun. Electric lights are turned off and all Christmas festivities are lit by candlelight, creating a magical atmosphere that is unforgettable.,The shops and wooden stalls are lit by lantern, and you can watch local craftsmen creating their vintage works.,On Mondays, St. Wolfgang offers guided walks along the ancient pilgrim way over Falkenstein Rock, which is lit by torches and lanterns. Christmas in Austria is refreshingly sweet, with an emphasis on the simple pleasures of being together with friends and family.,Add to that Christmas markets filled with twinkling lights, baked sweets and the sound of Christmas carols and you have a holiday experience that is unforgettable.,Lake Wolfgangsee Advent Cruises: Start your tour in St. Gilgen, which is a 45-minute drive from Salzburg. After time in St. Gilgen, you can board the ferry to visit Strobl and St. Wolfgang.,Advent ferry cruises run from November 18th to December 18th, and then again from December 25th to January 1st.,More information: www.austria.info,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Janna Graber has covered travel in more than 40 countries. She is the editor of three travel anthologies, including “A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel,” and is the managing editor of Go World Travel Magazine (www.goworldtravel.com).,A tale of Ronda, Spain is not complete without bull rings, ghosts and Orson Welles. Ronda will steal your heart and insist on your return.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,A story I wrote begins with a quote from the late Hollywood actor and filmmaker, Orson Welles. It goes something like,,“A man does not belong to the place where he is born but to the place where he chooses to die.”,A couple of versions exist, as there are differing accounts of the actor’s burial. One is on the family farm of renowned Spanish matador, Antonio Ordonez in Ronda, Spain. The other has Welles’ ashes scattered in Ronda’s Plaza de Toros—ostensibly the oldest bullring in Spain.,I’m imagining for the moment you, the reader, exhaling in a huff over the practice of bullfighting. After all, it’s considered globally nothing more than culturally sanctioned animal cruelty.,Surely, it should never be mentioned in any positive light, no matter how romantic the justification. And I am inclined to agree; the cultural argument for bullfighting as public art is thin at best.,On the other hand, having attended several corridas I admit to being enthralled to the point of ecstasy by its pomp and circumstance: the music, stirring and gay; the dramatic entrance of the matadors, their trajes de luz (suits of light) sparkling in the dwindling late afternoon Spanish sun.,Haute picadores following on horseback act like they own the place. What happens next I can definitely do without, and I do. It’s not Guantanamo after all.  You can leave when you like.,To comprehend my fascination, you may find the following analogy useful:,It’s been years since I’ve called myself Catholic. The faith and demand for subjugation rub me wrong. Just the same, when in Rome on high holidays I’d sell my soul for a spot in St. Peters Basilica. For the Mass, not really; for the costumes and glorious liturgical music—absolutely.,Getting back to Orson and Ronda, he is in reality interred in a dry well on the Ordonez property. That the family tossed sand from the bullring into his grave seems an indubitably Spanish gesture, and as such, plausible.,But, my point concerning Ronda does not involve the actor’s preoccupation with corrida but rather the indecipherable magnetic pull of the ancient city itself. I think, or maybe better, believe this the reason why Welles chose to spend eternity there.,Orson Welles of Kenosha, Wisconsin is not buried there. His burial in Ronda, Spain was by choice. Or did Ronda choose him?  Perhaps a 2015 post by Ronda’s The Hotel de los Baños explains it best.  ,“There is something secret about Ronda that makes it fascinating.”,I’d traveled extensively in Spain but had never been to Ronda. So, I took the advice of a friend. “Take the bus; you’re better off.” Here’s why.,Ronda sits 2,450 ft. above sea level in the formidable Serenia de Ronda mountain range, about a one-and-a-half hours’ ride from Sevilla. The mountains’ startling purple hue speaks immediately to their uniqueness.,A city in the sky, Ronda teeters precariously on the edge of Tajo Gorge, a 120 meter deep, 70-meter-wide gouge in the earth. The only way to get there from Sevilla, besides taking a bus, is to drive via a serpentine, two-lane tourist-eater known as A-397.,The road’s reputation precedes it. It is the most dangerous highway in Europe. The ninth-century Moors knew exactly what they were doing in positioning the caliphate there. The city via the ‘old road’ presented a formidable challenge, the terrain an inaccessible bulwark against coastal raiders impossible to surmount without detection.,She, Ronda, towers above: arm extended, palm outward, its inhabitants warn away any but the well-intended traveler. Enemies brave and/or dumb enough to try must surely end up in one of its bottomless ravines.,I took the bus and was happy I had. There are ghosts in this place, and my attention was constantly diverted. Driving A-397 makes no allowances for sightseeing.,Get around Spain easier by learning the language before you go. With Babbel, you can learn a language on your time with flexible courses for every level and have deeper conversations in Spanish wherever you travel. Check out lesson plans and deals here.,The bus groans and the driver throws it into second and hopes for the best. From the window I see ancient stone bridges, remnants of the ‘old road.’ This is the road I’d read about in nineteenth-century Spanish novels to which I am addicted –Alarcon, Ibanez, Alas.,Along the road spirits of merchants, tradesmen on horseback, some pulling along heavily laden donkey carts move in slow dreamlike rhythm upward…upward. I find myself blathering on about the ‘old road’ and its history to an obviously nervous German tourist sitting next to me.,Our bus, struggling hard against a steep incline, pins both of us to the backs of our seats. ,“Are you ok?” I asked.,“Nein!” He eyed me sideways as if to say, “Do I look ok?”,In a few minutes we level off, only to be pinned again as the bus meets yet another incline. The German is visibly sweating; I thought we might lose him.,We finally rolled safely into Ronda. The German and several others sit for minute to gather themselves.  ,As I recall, the tour of Ronda was pretty short and sweet: a quick background on the old Moorish fortress at its entrance; a hurried brush past a square surrounded by seventeenth-century Spanish Reconquista government buildings; a stop-off at a local winery.,The German had probably wished we had started there. The finale featured a three-minute viewing of the spectacular Tajo Gorge. You can’t stay there too long; a crush of tourists behind you await their own photo ops.,Brief as it was, it was there at the Tajo overlook where I first sensed something about Ronda not included in any of the guidebooks. I define it as an insistent beckoning. One that has colored my dreams and fueled my hypothesis about what prompted Welles’ insistence that he be buried in Ronda., “We have to go now. Others are waiting.” Our guide tugged lightly on my arm.,In silence the German and I trudged down the narrow winding street back to the bus. As we walked, I tossed periodic glances over my shoulder.,“Vat yah looking at?” The German looked back expecting to see something.,“Eternity, I think.” He looked back again and seeing nothing started walking faster. We spent the ride back in silence. Once in a while I’d catch him throwing me a side glance as if he wasn’t sure he should.,The point is that no one visits Ronda, Spain without being somewhat changed. No matter how many pueblos blancos they build on its ancient perimeters, Ronda will always belong to its defenders.,Visit the Pueblos Blancos and learn more about Ronda with an expert guide from GetYourGuide. Check out availability and booking here.,Once Ronda has you, the imprisonment is for life, and, as I have learned, non-negotiable. I spend a lot of time in Spain, usually in Seville. When the spirit moves me, I cab it to Estacion de Santa Justa and hop the early bus to Ronda.,I then once more cast my fate with the travelers, most of whom have no idea what they’re getting into.,There is a family there whom I’ve gotten to know. They give me first dibs on a lovely apartment on Av. Malaga for $200 a week. I stay the week and more often than not end up spending the month.,Sometimes, at home in Los Angeles, I’ll be vacuuming or cooking or playing around with Keegan (my cat) and whammo! Like that I’m back on the ridge looking down into the timeless depths of Tajo, walking with the German down the narrow winding street. A voice behind me calls out, “Go if you must, but you will return. I demand it.”,Time to plan the trip of a lifetime to the town of Ronda? Start planning with hotel and VRBO reservations, local restaurant tips, and insiders on where to go through TripAdvisor and Travelocity. Then, you can find flight deals and ground transportation options through Kiwi.,Make sure you book a few activities to explore more of Ronda. You can find skip-the-line tickets, expert-led tours, and unique local activities at flexible times and prices with GetYourGuide. Check out more tours here and book your dates before they fill up.,Author Bio: Sue Maccia has been a copywriter and editor in the New York publishing scene for over twenty years. She has taught creative writing at Stroudsberg University, Stroudsberg, PA in its Upward Bound Program and has worked both as a  news and feature journalist for several major dailies. As head copywriter, she served as Spanish Language Film Acquisitions Coordinator for Films for the Humanities and Sciences in Princeton, NJ.  Fiction awards include first honorable mention from the Quincy Writer’s Guild for her short fiction, “Ruins.” She has most recently published articles internationally in The Guidepost, Spain’s premier English language publication. Ms Maccia divides her time between her home in Southern California and Seville, Spain,Though we might not be able to visit Italy right now, we can experience it through the eyes and stories of these top Italian authors.,2020 is the year we all became armchair travelers. Fortunately, great writing has the power to transport minds, if not bodies, to faraway places.,Why not take a tour of the best Italian spots with a few of its greatest writers as a guide? Grab a cappuccino, or perhaps an Aperol spritz, and settle into your armchair. Andiamo!,Florence, Tuscany,Among the greatest works in Italian literature, Dante’s Divine Comedy follows the journey of a man through Hell, Purgatory, and finally Paradise. Few authors are as closely linked to their natal city as Dante is to Florence, yet he wrote his masterwork in exile. The city figures prominently in the Divine Comedy, object both of the poet’s scorn as well as his longing.,To visit Dante’s Florence, start with the Casa di Dante, then head down the street to the Church of Santa Margherita de’ Cerchi where Dante supposedly first set eyes on Beatrice.,Although Dante died and was buried in Ravenna in 1321, two locations in Florence commemorate his death: a death mask in the Palazzo Vecchio, and his empty tomb in the Franciscan Church of Santa Croce. Despite repeated attempts by Florence to regain its native son, Ravenna won’t give him up, perhaps Dante’s last word to the city that shut him out.,Fiesole, Tuscany,No classic of Italian resonates quite so well during a pandemic as Boccaccio’s Decameron, a collection of one hundred tales told over the course of ten days by a group of ten noblemen and women (text and commentary at Decameron Web).,These youths (called the “Brigata”) have left the city of Florence for the surrounding hillsides to escape the plague and establish a brief, but idyllic, society. They tell a variety of stories of lovers, villains, and tricksters. If Dante’s Comedy was “Divine,” Boccaccio’s is very “Human.”,The Decameron begins with the noblewomen meeting in the Florentine Church of Santa Maria Novella where they decide to leave the city, and head to a villa in what is thought to be in the hills just north of Florence, probably in or near Fiesole (take a virtual tour of the Villa Medici in Fiesole ). This vantage point offers a magnificent view of Florence, away from its traffic, confusion, and, at least for the Brigata, disease.,Recanati, Le Marche,Leopardi was born at the end of the 18th century in the Italian town of Recanati (at the time part of the Papal States), son of conservative and distant parents. As a child, he found refuge in the 25,000-volume family library. ,A sickly youth, Leopardi was acutely aware of the likelihood of a short life (he died at age 38), and inadequacy as a romantic figure, which is reflected in the pessimism of his writing. ,Although Recanati was a place from which he longed to escape, like Dante, Leopardi is forever linked with his hometown, a place that finds itself in some of his most powerful poetry. ,The Casa Leopardi is a museum today, and still houses the family library as well as Leopardi’s desk and possessions. It faces the home of Teresa Fattorini, possibly the “Silvia” immortalized in the poem that recounts her untimely death (“Silvia, do you still remember/the time of your mortal life/when beauty splendored/In your laughing and furtive eyes, And you, happy and thoughtful, climbed to the summit of youth?”). Above the town rises Monte Tabor (“This secluded hill was always dear to me, as well as this hedge that hides so much of the horizon…”).,Leopardi, G. Trans. Grennan, E. 2016. Leopardi: Selected Poems. Princeton: Princeton University Press.,Lecco, Lombardy,Manzoni’s 19th-century novel, The Betrothed, tells the story of doomed lovers, Renzo and Lucia, from a small Italian town in Lombardy. Separated by evil villains, the hapless pair meet with one challenge after the other until they are finally reunited in Milan while convalescing from the plague.,The Betrothed had enormous success in Italy, and spawned a kind of tourism trade, as people identified houses and villages of the fictional characters.,Today there are a number of Promessi Sposi locations in Lombardy, beginning with the Villa Manzoni in Lecco where the young Alessandro spent his summers. You could also go full-out and spring for a Manzoni boat tour of the Adda river.,Manzoni, Alessandro. The Betrothed. Trans Bruce Penman. New York: Penguin, 1972.,Cinque Terre, Liguria,Another Nobel prize winner, poet Eugenio Montale, divided most of his life between Genoa, the city of his birth, and the seaside town of Monterosso, the westernmost of the five towns that make up the Cinque Terre. (See Collected Poems of Eugenio Montale),Montale did much of his writing in Monterosso, whose natural beauty found its way into his poetry. To read him is to walk side by side with the poet, through the Italian alleyways and side roads, the trails and piazze of the Cinque Terre.,A UNESCO World Heritage Site, the Cinque Terre, has become enormously popular, especially in the past few decades. Monterosso, the largest and with the best sand beach, is also the most visited.,Start with the Montale literary park, book in hand perhaps, and then to escape the crowds and see more of the Cinque Terre, continue your walk out of Monterosso and along the Via dell’Amore, the trail that links the five villages.,Montale, Eugenio. Collected Poems, 1920-1954. Trans. Jonathan Galassi. New York: Farrar, Strauss & Giroux, 1998.,Trieste, Friuli-Venezia Giulia,Italo Svevo, pen name of Ettore Schmitz, was born to a Jewish family in Trieste, a city at the crossroads of European culture, and his writing reflects this multifaceted place. Best known outside Italy for his lifelong friendship with James Joyce, Svevo’s writing captures a sense of place within the convoluted psyche of his main characters.,The Confessions of Zeno tells the story of Zeno Cosini, a businessman from Trieste who has decided to record his experiences with Freudian psychoanalysis as part of his treatment in what is ultimately a clever and comic way.,The Museo Sveviano can be visited both online and in-person and offers an interactive virtual tour of Svevo’s Trieste (http://svevo-ar.online.trieste.it/).,Trieste is a city that loves its coffee as much as its writers, so while you take your virtual tour, make yourself an espresso and imagine you’re seated at Caffè Tommaseo with Joyce and Svevo himself (https://caffetommaseo.it/). Or mix an Aperol spritz, a cocktail with origins in the Italian Northeast. It’s like summertime in a glass. Adjust the components to your liking to balance the bitter and the sweet, just as Svevo did.,Svevo, Italo. Zeno’s Conscience. Trans. William Weaver. New York: Vintage, 2003.,Syracuse, Sicily,Told largely through dialogue, Conversations in Sicily describes the return of a young man, Silvestro to his hometown from which he fled some fifteen years before. Vittorini also left his native Sicily at a young age, however, an author’s note warns us that the protagonist of this story is not to be confused with the “Author”; just as the setting “is called Sicily merely by accident.” See if you agree.,The city of Syracuse, where Vittorini spent his childhood, is a good place to start your own conversation in Sicily while enjoying some amazing scenery and seafood within its mix of ancient archaeological finds and baroque churches and palaces. Vittorini’s family moved around on the island quite a bit as his father was a railwayman (just like Silvestro’s in the novel), therefore another option is to circle the island by train (check out Rick Steve’s Sicily episode).,Vittorini, Elio. Conversations in Sicily. Trans. Aliane Salierno Mason. New York: New Directions, 2000.,Aliano and Matera, Basilicata (Lucania),Although from Turin, Carlo Levi is most associated with Basilicata, traditionally known as Lucania, the region to which he was banished from 1935-1936 for his anti-fascist views. The title Christ Stopped at Eboli comes from the residents themselves who tell Levi that Christ never got as far as their region, implying that their lands are beyond religion, political borders, even human history. Levi observes the locals with a journalist’s eye, ultimately moved by their kindness and authenticity. He includes shocking descriptions of poverty in Matera, a nearby town where Levi’s sister, also a physician, traveled, where townsfolk still dwelt in caves, called the Sassi.,The publication of Christ Stopped in Eboli brought the poverty of the area to light, and in 1952 the residents of the Sassi were evacuated and moved to modern housing. In the 1980s, forward-thinking entrepreneurs began to restore the Sassi dwellings, some of which have since become high-end hotels and restaurants.,Today Matera offers several museums dedicated to peasant life, which reveal the engineering marvels of the traditional ways. In Aliano, there is a Carlo Levi literary park and suggested itineraries to see places mentioned in the book.,If you want to get a glimpse of Matera without leaving home, you can watch one of the many movies that have taken advantage of the unique locale, such as Pasolini’s Gospel According to Saint Matthew, Mel Gibson’s Passion of the Christ, and the newest James Bond movie, No Time to Die.,Levi, Carlo. Christ Stopped at Eboli. Trans. Mark Rotella. New York: Farrar, Strauss & Giroux, 2006.,Rome and Ostia, Lazio,Poet, writer, film director, and actor, Pasolini was an original and controversial figure. Although he spent the first part of his life in northern Italy, Pasolini is most associated with Rome because of his novels set here and his film work in Cinecittà, Italy’s movie studio. Pasolini’s first novel, The Street Kids, embraces the seedier side of the eternal city, focusing on lower-class youth of Rome’s slums during the years after World War II.,Much of The Street Kids takes place in the Tor Pignattara and Pigneti neighborhoods of Rome, which have gentrified since Pasolini’s time, and are now filled with street art (often featuring Pasolini himself), eclectic restaurants, and hipster bars. Cinecittà Studios, where Pasolini filmed several of his films, offers a wonderful museum and tours of the sets.,The nearby seaside town of Ostia (livecam) is inextricably linked with Pasolini, as the site of his murder in 1975 (the identity of the killer or killers is much speculated). You can follow the Sentiero Pasolini, a trail that follows the Tiber River in Ostia to the seaside where you will find the Pasolini literary park and a monument where his body was found.,Pasolini, Pier Paolo. The Street Kids. Trans. Ann Goldstein. New York: Europa Editions, 2016.,Naples, Campania,Ferrante’s Neapolitan Novels, a four-volume series beginning with My Brilliant Friend, relate the long and complicated friendship between two girls, Lenù and Lila, from their childhood in the slums of Naples to old age, when Lila suddenly and mysteriously disappears.,The books have become nothing short of a phenomenon, international bestsellers and an HBO miniseries, and while some of the fascination no doubt is with Ferrante herself, pen name of an unknown author, another source of the interest lies in the city of Naples itself. This is not the Naples of cruise ships and Capri, this is a harsh and often ugly Naples, a city of squalor and violence, but always gripping.,Although Lenù, the narrator of My Brilliant Friend, proclaims she has left Naples forever, because she “no longer believed in its resurrections,” Naples (livecam) today does seem reborn, a mix of ancient artifacts, vibrant street life, and amazing food, all with glorious views of Vesuvius and the sea.,My Brilliant Friend tours have sprung up, offering glimpses of Naples beyond the tourist center. The island of Ischia, a pivotal plot location, can be reached by ferry in about an hour. While you are reading the books and watching the miniseries, start planning your next trip to Naples. Be prepared to be surprised.,Ferrante, Elena. My Brilliant Friend. Neapolitan Novels, Book One. Trans. Ann Goldstein. New York: Europa Editions, 2012.,Author Bio: Anne Schuchman Berrettini is a freelance writer and photographer specializing in literary tourism, the places where literature and adventure meet. Anne writes about travel, homeschooling, and things that make her laugh at www.anneschuchman.com.,Tradition runs deep in Kyoto, Japan — especially in this unique profession.,Imagine a job ad that read like this: “Wanted: disciplined, hardworking 15-year-old who is not afraid of constant study and training, late nights and early mornings.,Should be able to sing, dance, engage in hours of demure conversation and drinking games all while wearing elaborate, restrictive costumes.”,It sounds bizarre, but this is exactly what young Japanese women have been signing up to become for centuries when they enter the world of the geisha.,The novel Memoirs of a Geisha, Puccini’s tragic opera Madame Butterfly and countless movie references have provided the curious West with various views of what life as a geisha is like.,But for those interested in getting beyond the fictional images, the best view of this intriguing profession is found in the geisha district of Gion in the ancient city of Kyoto.,A visitor strolling the cobbled lanes and alleyways of Gion without an informative and enthusiastic guide would miss the hidden clues and subtle hints that reveal this extraordinary way of life.,Luckily for English-speaking visitors to Kyoto, Peter MacIntosh, a knowledgeable historian and a Kyoto resident, has offers walking lecturers of Gion titled “Geisha, Past, Present and Future.”,Peter’s understanding and respect for this fascinating world is based not just on history books and research, but also on his time spent as both a friend and confidante of these unique women.,The story of geishas starts in the early 1700s when the first male geisha appeared in the walled-in pleasure quarters of Tokyo and Kyoto.,It was within these designated entertainment precincts that the chronin (merchants) spent their time and money cultivating the arts.,The first female geishas appeared soon after, and while the assumption is that they were a mixture of courtesan, prostitute and entertainer, their role was always designed to complement the courtesans, not compete with them.,That role has changed little over the centuries. Geishas are still very much professional entertainers. Even after their initial apprenticeship, they continue to train in their arts of music, dance and singing.,Their disciplined life and dedication is not unlike that of a professional dancer.,Nor are geishas simply legal prostitutes, as often portrayed in Western literature and film. Geishas keep the Japanese arts alive with their traditional kimonos, dance and music, and they are still admired for their role in society.,After the courtesans peaked in popularity in the mid 18th century, it was the artistic geishas, with their talents in dance, music and song.,Then it became the most significant professional entertainers in Japan’s pleasure quarters.,With these words of the geishas’ history still ringing in our ears, we follow Peter along the streets of Gion. Our guide pauses to point out the simple wooden name plaques adorning the entrance to a traditional ochaya (teahouse).,The relationship between the mistress of the teahouse and the geisha has not changed over the centuries. The geishas entertain their clients within the tranquility of these establishments.,The exclusiveness of this relationship is symbolized by the geishas’ name plaques appearing at the entrance of the chosen teahouse where they serve.,As I run my eyes of the names, an inconspicuous man suddenly whirls past on a bicycle, obviously in a hurry. “He’s a kimono dresser,” explains Peter.,The “dresser” is a trusted position passed down through the generations from father to son. Clipped to bicyclist’s key chain are approximately 20 house keys of his geisha clients whom he visits daily to help them dress in their elaborate kimonos.,These skilled dressers can fold, tuck and tie what seems like miles of embroidered silk into a glorious vision in less than six minutes.,This is an impressive feat considering my own kimono-wearing exploits took three accomplished women more than 20 minutes to complete.,As we stroll pass the elegant paneled okiya (boarding houses) where the geishas reside, two doll-like creatures float past in their colorful kimonos.,The woman are not geishas, but the apprentice maikos whom we learn from Peter can be distinguished by the style of their hair, the ornaments adorning their hair and the color of the cloth appearing at the collar of their dress.,Maikos are allowed to put lipstick just on the bottom part of their lips while geishas can put it on both of their lips.,This distinctive dress can also denote the year of the maiko’s apprenticeship, one that lasts five years with additional “post-apprentice years” before a geisha starts to earn an income.,The apprenticeships usually start when the girls are 15, after they have graduated from junior high school.,As an English teacher in a Japanese junior high school, it’s hard for me to imagine my own giggling, energetic students as these demure, poised maikos.,And as their teacher, I think I would be happier if my students remained content to simply play “dress up”, rather than the real-life version of this profession. At various salons in Gion, young Japanese girls can enjoy being clothed in the beautiful kimonos.,They have their hair and make-up done in the geisha style before hitting the streets to enjoy being photographed and gazed upon by curious visitors who mistake these girls for the real thing.,Retirement for geishas comes at their choosing or upon marriage. It could be a wealthy client who eventually captures her heart; geishas are definitely free to marry for love.,But while marriage will bring an end to their career as geishas, divorced former geishas are known to return to the profession once they are single again.,As we continue our stroll through Gion, Peter points out the simple, non-descript storage buildings at the rear of the boarding houses. Kimonos are stored here, carefully folded and boxed, and kept away from threat of fire.,Custom dictates that geishas wear a different kimono each month of the year, usually in a style and design that reflects the season, with additional ones required for special performances and ceremonies as they graduate from being a maiko to a geisha.,The large number required and the sheer expense of each kimono prohibits the geishas from directly owning them. This privilege – and expense – usually rests with the mistress of the boarding house.,In addition to the collection of kimonos, the mistress is responsible for the training and preparation of the maikos during their apprenticeship.,This includes not only their living expenses, but their lessons in dance, shamisen (Japanese harp) and singing that they complete at a nearby academy.,The estimated cost for the five-year apprenticeship is US$500,000. This may explain why the number of registered geishas in Kyoto is now just 223, less than a fifth of the numbers during the peak of the profession in this area in the early 1900s.,By comparison, many Japanese women still have few opportunities and choices when it comes to career and lifestyle.,A woman working in the corporate sector is referred to condescendingly as “an office lady.” If she marries and has a family, her husband may work 16 to 18 hours a day, forcing the wife and mother to become pretty much a single parent, isolated at home.,Geishas can make between US$10,000US and $12,000 a month, and they receive a level of respect that few other roles for Japanese women attain.,So while becoming a geisha may seem a traditional and old-fashioned career choice, in some ways it offers Japanese women more freedom than other careers and lifestyle choices.,The commentary that fascinated me most on our walking tour was not the past of Gion, but the continued fascination with geishas in modern Japanese society.,The intricate process that is required to receive the appropriate introductions to a teahouse (the agents for the geishas), the exorbitant expense — with payments being made to the various layers of the geisha hierarchy.,In return for a simple evening’s entertainment of drinking, music and conversation — seem out of step with the instant and ready access to entertainment that modern Japanese have come to expect.,As we near the end of Peter’s tour, I find myself struggling to find any connection with these women. Their lives, their customs and attitudes seem so removed from those of both modern Japanese and Western women.,Yet there is an element of “businesswoman savvy” lurking under their mask-like makeup.,As we stop at a small shrine, we’re surprised by the volume of stickers, printed in Japanese characters, adorning the lamp and walls of the shrine.,No, it’s not some strange type of offering to the shrine, but geisha “business cards.” This, in turn, prompts Peter to open his wallet and display a similar selection covering the inside covers.,His geisha friends have encouraged him to place them there, he says, to bring him good luck and good fortune.,Well, maybe the Japanese guys will fall for this one, but our genial guide laughs.,He knows this is really just the women’s subtle reminder to call and reserve another evening of entertainment. Everyone is into marketing, it seems, even in ancient Kyoto.,From butterflies to pyramids, everything seems larger than life at this Mexican archeological site.,As we drove our rental car into the parking lot outside Mexico’s Xochicalco archaeological site, an immense white butterfly, the size of my husband’s large hands, hovered overhead. The luminous creature seemed to guide us toward the stone steps leading to the ruins. The splendor of this elegant emissary and its unexpectedness seemed to symbolize our exploration of Mexican culture — past and present — in the foothills of the Sierra Madre mountains, south of Mexico City.,My husband, Eric, and I clambered up the steep stair-steps of a pyramid, aiming for the summit. Yet, as with scrambling up a mountainside, once we arrived there, we found that it wasn’t the true summit: At the far end of the high, parade ground–like terrace we stood on was yet another pyramid, soaring even higher into the sky.,“It’s a pyramid atop a pyramid!” pronounced Eric.,Stone viewing seats edged the sides of the field, with more seating seemingly available on the steps of the rear pyramid. I imagined a magnificently garbed Toltec king and his entourage watching a competitive ball game from their royal “box seats.”,We crossed the greensward, and then stepped up the tall stone blocks of the smaller pyramid at the back of the field, which seemed to brush the sky’s vast blue dome. Large blue morning glories tangled in treetops twined up the sides of the structure. The high mountain air was still and humid, and I brushed a strand of hair off my sticky neck.,Trudging slowly upward, we passed what appeared to be guards’ quarters, before emerging at the top. Up here, where they could catch any stray breezes, and seemingly miles above any enemies, was where the royalty lived.,Walkways leading off in various directions led to a catacomb of small stone rooms; those with stone benches at one end were obviously sleeping quarters. I could imagine the numerous royal children lingering near the cooking quarters in the center, which featured doorways going off in opposite directions to tiny patios.,When we reached the far end of the rooms, I peered over a stone wall and gasped. It was a sheer drop of hundreds of feet to a forest of pine and oak, shielding the occupants from any enemies that might attempt to attack this stronghold. The view of undulating forest canopy was broad, perhaps 20 miles (32 km) distant, to a set of rolling hills.,As we headed back down, one of the stone rooms was different from the others. Seen from above, it resembled a regular oblong-shaped room, yet the entrance was a tunnel just big enough to wriggle through. The mystery tugged at me until I crouched down and belly-crawled through the opening. Inside it was unremarkable, except for its high walls with no door. A storage room for grain? A child’s room? An isolation room for punishment? Who knows?,The ruins hold many mysteries yet to solve. Yet what is known is that Xochicalco (meaning “in the place of the house of flowers” in the Nahuatl language, which is still spoken throughout Mexico) was occupied beginning around 200 B.C., and it reached its apex architecturally between A.D. 700 and 1000, after the fall of Teotihuacán, near Mexico city. Some speculate that this kingdom of some 20,000 residents may even have participated in the downfall of Teotihuacán.,In fact, one of the pyramids here holds the same carved deity as one found at Teotihuacán, a reminder of the influence the two sites had on each other: The intricately carved, undulating serpent on the Temple of Quetzalcóatl (which means feathered serpent), a major deity of ancient Mexico, is an exquisite piece of art. Between the arched curves of the serpent’s body are carved portraits of individuals, assumed to be the rulers who founded Xochicalco.,Carved stelae lay on the grass in one plaza, toppled by time and the elements. We attempted to decipher the faint patterns worn nearly smooth by the relentless sun and dry, high-mountain winds. Numerous stone outer buildings spread out on terraces at the foot of the ceremonial pyramid, from palaces to yet more step-style pyramids, from ball courts to a circular set of altars, and even an underground observatory.,Much of the artwork found at the site is now kept in the nearby Xochicalco Museum, a gem of a building built a decade ago, that is kept at the right temperature and humidity through natural means, employing the constant wind and water cisterns.,The museum’s collection ranges from elaborately designed vessels and figurines to impressive stone stelae. In one display case, a delicate, two-inch (5 cm) carved stone duck would be beloved by any child of today, and a whimsical clay pot made me laugh: A frog’s front legs and head gripped the vessel’s neck, its legs protruded out the back of the vessel.,Art was on our minds as we drove the winding road down the mountainside and headed southwest to Taxco, a colonial town about 10 miles (16 km) to the southwest. Once known for its silver mining, today Taxco is Mexico’s center for traditional silverwork.,The popularity of Taxco, which clings to a steep slope of the Sierra Madres, became apparent the moment we rounded the last high-mountain bend and rolled over the village cobblestones. Young men in white shirts competed to get us to park in nearby pay lots. Our “handler” proffered a free map of the town with specific jewelry shops marked. And we were off on a quest to find me that perfect necklace.,Small, whitewashed jewelry galleries with red tile roofs jostled side by side in rows on either side of the narrow street like teeth in a smile,  arching across the hillside. Eric and I divided up the shops by choosing sides of the street. We laced in and out of shops, surveying the wares,  and then catching each others’ eyes and shaking our heads.,Some shops carried inexpensive, lightweight silver pendants and chains, while others carried more substantial pieces ranging from heavy silver  bracelets with pre-Columbian symbols such as birds, snakes and fish, to modern geometric designs on necklaces, rings and earrings.,The farther we went, the narrower the street seemed to grow, and the more congested the foot and car traffic. As we drew closer to the center of  the town, the dome of the beautiful baroque Santa Prisca Cathedral, the city’s pride and joy, towered above. Then, after an hour of hunting, we  found it: A stunning, multi-strand necklace of tubular silver beads that cascaded like water rushing around a river bed, from one shoulder to  the other. Success!,One glance at Eric, with his bemused smile and weary expression, and I realized that I had found it just in time before the search was called off.,Flush with excitement over my find, we drove 50 miles (80 km) back to Cuernavaca, the burgeoning capital of the state of Morelos, with more  than one million residents. We had arrived the night before in this colorful colonial city that’s known as “the City of Eternal Spring.”,This lush, tropical place has emitted a siren call to vacationers for hundreds of years. Everyone from Aztec kings to the conquistadors to the rich and famous have made Cuernavaca their bit of vacation paradise.,The next morning, our first stop was the Palacio de Cortés. Built for conquistador Hernán Cortés in the 16th century, it houses a regional history museum today. Here, we admired master artist Diego Rivera’s monumental mural, commissioned in 1929, that depicted historical themes such as the Spanish conquest of Mexico, in bold colors and a strident fashion.,We wandered past numerous fountains and a duck pond with rowboats for rent in the city’s formal garden, Jardín Borda. And we visited the magnificent Cuernavaca Cathedral, where we marveled over frescoes uncovered in the 1960s that depicted the martyrdom of San Felipe de Jesús in, of all places, Japan.,As dusk fell, we followed the sounds of big-band music in the city’s main square, the Zócalo, a few blocks from our hotel. We were greeted with the ages-old sight of a Saturday night in Latin America: Families dressed in their best strolled across the plaza, young girls in chiffon-skirted dresses dragged dads toward trinket vendors, and young boys played hide-and-seek. Onlookers sat on stone benches surrounding the square, visiting as they watched others parade past.,As the band packed up, a new sound began: The rattle of hundreds of shells on ankle bracelets, worn by a troupe of young men and women striding proudly into the plaza. All was silent as they took up their positions. Then, with a rattle that sounded like a dry wind racing over hilltop grasses, they began stomping and dancing to ancient ancestral rhythms, rhythms that can still be seen and felt in this mountainous region of central Mexico.,If You Go,A visit to Xochicalco and Taxco makes an ideal day trip from Cuernavaca, which is situated on Highway 95, 55 miles (89 km) southwest of Mexico City. Xochicalco is 26 miles (42 km) southwest of Cuernavaca, and Taxco is another 24 miles (39 km) farther southwest.,Xochicalco Tourism
www.surf-mexico.com,Mexico Tourism Board
www.visitmexico.com, ,Get to know Oaxaca, Mexico and its colorful traditions with a tour of the Oaxacan textile craft and the artisans who create them.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,The state of Oaxaca in southern Mexico is a magical place. Vibrant. Immediate. Genuine. It’s also a food mecca with seven different types of mole, artisanally produced mezcal, fragrant chocolate, salty Oaxaca cheese and more.,Plus, it’s fiesta heaven (as seen in the movie Coco, which depicts the celebration of Day of the Dead in Oaxaca). Then there are neighborhoods emblazoned with murals, archeological wonders (Monte Alban is a World Heritage Site), live music ringing in the Zócolo central plaza and cobblestone side streets.,Furthermore, art is everywhere. Plus, threaded throughout the story is Oaxacan textiles. Brilliantly colored textiles including–handwoven rugs (tapetes), fabrics and hand-sewn embroidery represent a tradition passed on from generation to generation.,A tradition that is still thriving today. Undoubtedly, you will want to roll up a multi-colored rug or tuck an embroidered blouse into your luggage before you leave.,But Oaxaca also offers a unique opportunity to learn about the textiles from the artisans who create them. You can develop not only a more discerning eye but also a broader sense of appreciation and respect for the processes, the people and their heritage.,Start with a visit to the Oaxaca Textile Museum, in the historic center of the city. This is the only textile museum in Mexico. Changing exhibits highlight the different fibers, dyes, techniques and designs produced throughout the state.,Historical and indigenous woven and embroidered pieces are displayed along with contemporary applications. Another interesting aspect are collaborations such as between artisans from Oaxaca and from Gujarat, India.,The distinctions that are sometimes made between artist and artisan disappear. As you walk through the airy rooms of what was once a 16th-century convent garden, you understand that fine artisans produce works of art.,Next, you can make arrangements to take an En Via tour to meet women entrepreneurs and artisans in their home workspaces. Or you can create your own tour.,Book a Oaxacan textiles tour with En Vía. They will pick you up in a van in front of the language school, Instituto Cultural Oaxaca. You may find your seat and discover that your seatmate is from somewhere across the globe.,Introductory shout-outs from the back of the van. “Czech Republic! Germany! L.A. via India! New Zealand! England!” reveal an international bunch of strangers interested in having a cultural exchange. They are joined by a volunteer guide and a translator.,The van takes a 25-minute drive to Teotitlan del Valle. This is one of many villages in Oaxaca of the Zápotec people. Their legacy goes back to 500 BC. Both the Zápotec language, in one of sixty different local idioms, and Spanish are spoken here. The translator will enable communication.,En Vía is a non-profit organization. They provide interest-free loans and education to more than 250 women in six villages. These women have skills, motivation and ideas. But they don’t have access to affordable credit to grow their businesses and support their families and communities.,The interest rate in Mexico for small loans is the second highest in the world. Additionally, there are no banks or ATMs in the villages and the women have no credit history or collateral.,En Vía charges 0% interest and has a 99.7% rate of success in return payment. Participants are required to take eight business classes, including learning how to set fair prices. The En Via guide explains that responsible tourism includes not bargaining.,A presentation following successful completion of a loan cycle is the context for the En Vía tour visits. The reasonable fee for the tour goes directly into the loan fund, education programs, driver and van.,Also included is a delicious lunch provided by an En Via entrepreneur. El Cazahuate in the valley with a backdrop of mountains is the lunch stop. The organic garden supplies the squash for soup flavored with chepil leaves, chilis for mole, hibiscus and cucumber juice and handmade corn tortillas. Well-fed, the travelers head to their first of five stops on the tour.,Gue’zih Gubidx, (Zapotec for ‘the sunset’), is a family business behind Cafe Dulízùn. This business has grown over the course of ten years working with En Vía. Enedina Zarita Bazán Chávez has completed several loan cycles.,She demonstrates making indigo (anil) powder. Natural blue dye will be the result. The anil comes from many steps, over many days. It starts with growing and picking the anil. Then soaking, oxidizing, draining, pasting on muslin and drying it into a form that looks like a piece of coal.,Enedina grinds and reconstitutes it in a dye bath over a wood fire, kept under 90 degrees. She presents a rug she has woven on the loom in her workspace with the name of her business. Preserving her heritage and building her brand.,Cassidy Towse-Garcia, a tour member and Ph.D. student from Albuquerque, New Mexico, purchases a rug.,“If you spend any time in Mexico, you see textiles everywhere. But to get the full family story, to actually see the homes behind the handicrafts and to see women having a leadership role in their communities–I will think about that. I will think about my money going directly to the artisan and what the benefit will be.” Towse-Garcia adds, “I’m offered a better price than I should be.”,There are many artisans in and around Oaxaca central. You can make your own arrangements to visit their workshops, or you may choose to work with a private tour guide.,Oaxaca Craft Retreats will customize the tour to your interests, make the appointments, travel arrangements and provide translation services. You can reach them at oaxacacraftretreats@gmail.com.,“My mother said I was born under the loom,”says Manuel Lopez Gonzalez, who has been weaving since he was ten years old. His mother was hand carding wool, taking out the tangles, right before she gave birth.,His workshop in Teotitlan del Valle is in the courtyard of his house. “This is a work family,” he explains. He nods to his daughter, weaving at a pedal loom, and his wife, rolling the metate grinding stone.,Gonzalez points to a bowl that looks like it’s full of spaghetti. But it is actually wool in preparation for dyeing. He stirs a pot containing a dye bath over a wood-burning fire. He explains mordant, which sets the dye.,The colors include indigo (from the anil bush which produces blue), pericon (marigolds, yellow), copal (tree resin, brown), walnut shells (brown), and cochineal (a parasite that lives on the male nopal cactus plant, red).,Producing naturally dyed wool of a five-color design takes about a week. Stringing the loom and weaving the design adds many days to the process of creating a single rug.,Gonzalez proudly displays his family’s work, pointing to the colors and explaining their natural sources. He identifies Zapotec symbols depicting the life cycle. As you try to figure out how to choose a rug, Gonzalez comments that buyers are often confused about the differences in price and quality.,Gonzalez explains that chemical dyes expose workers to dangerous substances like sulfuric acid. These chemicals sometimes are dumped in the ground and can leach into the community water source. But they are much easier to buy and use than natural dyes.,The only process with a chemical dye is to open a packet and mix it in water. The colors last longer and are more unique in a naturally dyed rug. However, because chemically-dyed rugs are produced much more quickly, they are cheaper.,He shows how to tell whether a rug has natural or chemical dye by looking at the colors. Natural dyes are more muted; chemically dyed colors are saturated and bright.,He adds that other factors affecting the price of rugs include size, the complexity of design and quality of the weave. For example, a beginner will not have the tight weave that an expert achieves. ,Next to San Pablo de Mitla, the famed town with archeological ruins, is the workshop of Arturo Hernandez. He’s referred to as “the maestro” because he is a master weaver of Oaxacan textiles.,“Since I was a young boy, I was weaving. My grandmother and grandfather taught me,” he says. He weaves on big pedal looms and on a backstrap loom.,He leans into a leather strap across his lower back. The loom begins in his lap. The other end hangs from a hook. He works with different types of sticks as he weaves and explains the design, pointing to grains of corn, cacao beans on the border and a snake in the middle.,“The snake was a god for our ancestors,” he says. “Food, drink, God, in this design. La historia es grande,” (the story is great).,This master weaver takes about four hours to string the backstrap loom and then two days to make one piece. He advises calling a day in advance to make sure he will be there.,The taxi slowly follows a horse-drawn cart filled with sunflowers entering the narrow street into San Antonio Castillo Velasco, twenty miles south of Oaxaca center. Known for growing and selling flowers, the town’s famous embroidery is filled with multi-colored bouquets of pansies, roses and carnations as well as local birds.,Marta Sernas Luis, a retired teacher, started the Aguja de Plata (“Silver Needle”) collective of families 18 years ago. Her intention was to pass on the embroidery techniques she had learned from her mother to the younger generation.,She also saw a need for jobs in the village. “When you buy these textiles, it’s the feelings of the people. You buy history,” says Joel Bustamonte, who works at the collective.,He points out differences between machine-sewn and hand-sewn embroidery, visible by looking at the backside of the material. Machine-sewn stitches look the same on both sides. In hand-sewn embroidery, you can see the thread tied on the back.,The huipil, an embroidered blouse with multiple techniques of embroidery, crocheting and smocking is a favorite.,Because of the pandemic, the workshop has pivoted to also creating embroidered masks. Each one can take a day of labor. Bustamonte advises calling before coming and requesting a translator if needed.,En route to San Antonio Castillo Velasco, check out the cochineal farm in Santa Maria Copocatec. José Manuel Loera Fernández will lead the tour. Cochineal is a parasite that feeds on the fleshy leaves of the nopal cactus. It is used for the natural dye that produces the color red.,You will learn all about the history, growth cycle and harvesting of what came to be called ‘the royal dye’. Named such because it was used to dye the scarlet capes of conquering armies from Spain as well as becoming the royal dye throughout Europe.,Now it is prized as a natural dye widely used in Oaxacan textiles.,On your way back from San Antonio Castillo Velasco, stop at Almú, a restaurant on the grounds of Palo Que Habla. The site is an alebrijes workshop and copal tree conservation farm in San Martin Tilcajete.,Copal is the wood used to carve the beloved, intricately painted alebrije figurines. You will not be disappointed.,Wandering rows of stalls at an Oaxacan marketplace is a must and lots of fun. The markets carry every type of fresh cooking ingredient you can (and can’t) imagine. Also, everyday items and lots of textiles.,You will find some textiles that are made in Oaxaca, but the quality may not be as good as what you would buy directly from an artisan. Additionally, you will find designs that look like they have been embroidered but are actually stamped on fabric.,And of course, buying from an artisan eliminates the middleman taking a chunk of the profit.,Start planning your colorful vacation to Oaxaca, Mexico today. Get prepared with insider tips on the best shops, hotel and VRBO reservations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Have even more fun during your trip by booking some exciting tours in Oaxaca, skip-the-line tickets, and other fun activities through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your tours in advance here.,Oaxaca Textile Museum: Free admission at Miguel Hidalgo 917, Centro Histórico. https://museotextildeoaxaca.org/ Phone: +52 951 501 1104,While Cinco de Mayo is not a tradition in Mexico, it is in the U.S. Check out some of our top picks for cuisine for the big day in New York City.,Cinco de Mayo isn’t a Mexican holiday and Mexico doesn’t observe it. It actually began in California. As a side note, it commemorates a battle fought in Mexico in which the town of Puebla defeated invading French troops. Whether Cinco de Mayo is a tradition or a serious celebration, we can certainly have a lot of fun with it and show our affinity for all things Mexican.,Check out these restaurants in New York City for your Cinco de Mayo festivities.,Start your holiday with Tex-Mex breakfast tacos from King David Tacos. The Brooklyn-based import from Austin is all the rage and will deliver a variety of taco bundles with choices like queen bean (refried beans potato, egg, cheese), Mom’s migas (eggs scrambled with Mom’s salsa and tortilla chips, with jalapeno rajas, cheese), or the No. 5 (chili non carne, beans, potato).,For Cinco de Mayo, order their Taco Drop delivery and you’ll get two Mexican spring water Topo Chicos as a bonus. Just heat and eat! If you’re out and about, they also have carts at Madison Square Park and Prospect Park.,Popular Soho ghost kitchen Universal Taco has party packs to spice up your at-home celebration.,The appetizer-to-dessert package includes traditional pork carnitas, salsa rojo, tamales with rajas and Oaxacan cheese, guacamole and chips. Top them off with onion, cilantro and jalapeno, to your liking, and choose corn or flour tortillas buñuelos add a sweet finish.,Taco fans can add a range of globally inspired versions: Baja-style shrimp, chicken shawarma, beef gyro, Peking duck, Argentine skirt steak, and pork carnitas. Vegetarians aren’t left out –  try the roasted cauliflower taco or Moo Shu veggie style with mushrooms and cabbage.,They don’t look like much, but the lines tell a different story. The multi-station Los Tacos No. 1 stands in Chelsea Market and Times Square are the real deal when it comes to Mexican tacos.,Los Tacos No. 1 was created after three friends from Tijuana, Mexico and California decided to bring authentic Mexican bites to the East Coast, using family recipes with fresh and simple ingredients. You’ll have to bring your own margaritas, though – they don’t serve alcohol.,Created by Seamore’s Montauk-inspired sustainable seafood restaurants in Manhattan, the “Shrimp Taco Meal Kit” celebrates Cinco de Mayo with peppery salsa macha- braised shrimp, avocado, tortillas, lime crema and cabbage. Add your own tequila and you won’t even mind the easy clean-up.,East Village Mexican bistro, Rosie’s, has put it all together for you with their “Rosie’s Taco Kit.” Designed for a festive taco night at home, you can say you’ve done some of the cooking yourself with this party kit.,You’ll get three different salsas, fresh ingredients to make your own guacamole, and three different taco fillings. Not to worry, though, the kit comes with step-by-step directions. ,For a Cajun spin on the holiday, The Gumbo Bros offers a NOLA-inflected special for Cinco de Mayo. For a whopping $5, you can order two catfish tacos.,The Boerum Hill eatery is what happens when Mardi Gras meets Cinco de Mayo. You can chow down on the tacos, get your hands dirty with their crawfish boil (call to arrange) and drink a few hurricanes or Abita’s to toast the holiday.,Plan an outdoor fiesta with your gang at Cantina Rooftop in Hell’s Kitchen. If you time it right, the sunset is a perfect backdrop to the colorful umbrellas covering the tables.,Go a little crazy with your group and share the totally instagrammable 8.5-pound Big Ass Taco or the 15-pound Big Ass Burrito. Wash everything down with a fruity Niña Fresa, made with Don Diego Silver tequila, watermelon, strawberry and St. Germaine.,Sinigual will entertain you on Cinco de Mayo on their lovely patio with a mariachi band from 4-7 pm. Order one of their handcrafted margaritas; guacamole as you like it, made tableside; and a pile of their sizzling fajitas, and let the party begin.,For more entertainment, Casa Del Toro, the Oaxacan-inspired taqueria in Hell’s Kitchen presents a fiesta to remember with live entertainment from aerialists, contortionists and dancers. The restaurant’s full Mexican menu and complimentary Patron tastings might have you dancing as you pose for photo opportunities in front of a step and repeat wall.,What would Cinco de Mayo be without tequila ice cream? To celebrate, Tanto Tequila has collaborated with Brooklyn’s Tipsy Scoop and Natalie’s Juice to create two special 100% agave-infused boozy desserts for Cinco de Mayo.,The Tipsy Squeeze (vanilla ice cream with orange juice, strawberry and blanco tequila) and The Spicy Fiesta (key lime sorbet made with Natalie’s margarita mix and jalapeno tequila) and both  5% ABV per serving. You can buy them from Tipsy Scoop’s locations in Brooklyn and Manhattan or online for same-day delivery in NYC.  ,Check out these iconic restaurants for classic New York City dining.,Don’t believe all that you read about traveling to Bali. This is what you need to know about the “Real Bali”, based on personal experience.,When I decided to go to Bali, I spent months planning and reading blogs and all the things you “need to know before going.” I wrote the information down, I researched everything twice and did all the things you’re supposed to do before going on a vacation to a foreign country.,And, let me tell you — none of it was true. But don’t get discouraged. I will be going back to Bali a million times over, but I will do it completely differently.,So, if you want to visit the Island of the Gods, you should, but you really should know exactly what you’re getting into. Also, I almost died on this trip three different times from an assortment of sickness and near-crashes. So what I’m relating is very accurate from my personal experience.,It should also be noted, that while I am American, I am teaching in China. So I was flying to Bali from there, but I don’t think that affects anything I’m about to tell you.,Take. Malaria. Pills. Or get the shot. Do whatever you need to do. I don’t know why, even being an experienced Asian country traveler, I never considered Malaria a real issue, but it was. I was traveling with another teacher and both of us got extremely sick at the end of our trip.,We panicked because it wasn’t any of the signs of the normal “Bali Belly” that most foreigners get, and we had every malaria symptom. Malaria symptoms take about a week to appear, and we’d been there almost two. Thankfully, we’re both in the clear now (about a week after returning from Indonesia), but it was very scary for a few days there. Don’t risk it, please.,Before leaving, everything I had researched said that Americans need a visa to visit Bali and that it can be purchased upon arrival at the Denpasar Airport for $25. This information may have been accurate last summer, but it is not the case now.,We got off the plane, walked through customs, grabbed our bags and left. No sign of anyone getting/purchasing a visa anywhere. No one mentioned it, they just stamped our passports and sent us on our way.,We took a lot of Chinese cash and changed it over, and the rate for change was terrible. Additionally, everything costs more money than you think. Everything!,Indonesia is one of the cheapest travel countries in the world, but Bali prices are jacked up considerably to account for the recent influx of “Instagram Tourism.”,The touristy areas of Kuta, Ubud, Canggu and Seminyak were extremely expensive. However, Ubud was considerably cheaper than the others. For example, a coffee that costs $4 in busy Kuta costs only 75 cents in Ubud, so plan your money that way.,We didn’t realize this and spent the few days of our trip in Kuta Beach and burned through just as much money in those three days that we did the next seven days in other areas of the island.,However, it should be noted that Australian dollars change over extremely well, so all the Aussies we met had no trouble with the money situation.,While Bali was amazing, it was packed with tourists. Every local is trying to sell you something, and you’re constantly being heckled by taxi drivers or children selling bracelets.,On the flip side, we traveled to Nusa Penida for one day and wished we’d spent our entire trip there.,A relatively undeveloped island southeast of Bali, Nusa Penida offers picturesque cliffs, ocean views, pristine beaches, hikes and cheap food that we thought would be all of Bali. Everyone flies around the rice-paddy-covered island on little scooters, and every single turn offers new views and picturesque places.,We booked our ferry tickets online because we wanted to make sure that hotel pick-up and drop-off were available for both ends, but other people had no trouble buying tickets at the port and then negotiating for taxis on the island.,There is a 20,000 rupiah charge (about $1.50) once you arrive on Nusa Penida as a tourist fee because you aren’t a local, so have cash ready to hand over at the toll stand.,This is a painful reality. We drive scooters every day in China, so it wasn’t new to us, but the Indonesian traffic is like nowhere else on earth. There are no road rules. They drive on the left side of the road, and they drive as fast as possible through the jam-packed streets.,If you aren’t confident in your scooter skills, don’t risk it. Just take a scooter taxi or Grab Bike everywhere. It costs about the same to keep calling rides as it does to rent a bike for the day, so it’s worth it to not risk you driving.,We never got in any accidents, but every other foreigner we met on our 12-day trip was scraped up pretty badly from wrecks. Also, don’t drink and drive scooters. We met about a dozen people with the same story: scooted to the bar and wrecked going home in the dark. Just say no. Just grab a taxi bike.,Don’t worry about the language barrier, because most of the locals speak English, and the whole island is full of tourists from Europe and Australia, so you’ll have no problems.,Also, we’ve visited quite a few Asian countries, and so far Indonesians are absolutely our favorite. Everyone we met was so kind. If they tried to sell you things you just say, “No, thank you,” and they leave you alone or tell you that you’re pretty. A win-win really.,So, there you have it. Bali is stunning, and an absolute dream vacation destination if you go with your eyes open. I figured out the ins and outs so you don’t have to. Hopefully, my next visit to the Island of the Gods will be much more magical.,Ready to discover the majesty of Bali? You’ll want to be prepared with the best flight deals and transportation bundles on Kiwi. Next, find hotel bookings, local restaurant favorites and best spots to soak in the beauty of Bali through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Get the most out of your trip by booking top-rated activities like the Mount Batur Sunrise Hike and Natural Hot Spring Tour with GetYourGuide. Cancel anytime up to 24 hours before the event for a full refund so you can plan your trip worry free.,Author Bio: Jordan Greene is a 20-something from Florida. She loves all things travel, iced coffee and purple pens. You can find her sale-hunting, planning a party or training to be a mermaid. Since graduating in 2017 with a professional writing degree, Greene has taught and traveled extensively throughout Asia. In case her mermaid career doesn’t take off, she plans to be a sun-bleached writer on a beautiful coast somewhere.,Thnx Jordan it’s really helpful….,Slow down in the sky-high stone villages of Provence,We plucked Provence’s high stone villages like rich olives, savoring each in its turn, appreciating its flavor and character. Each day was a new tasting.,My husband, kids and I were spending two sun-filled July weeks in a rental apartment in Menton, a Riviera beauty spot famed for its fragrant lemon trees. A half-hour drive east from Nice, Menton sits near the Italian border.,Most mornings, we’d wake to sun, sea and the sound of shorebirds and head off in our rental car for a half-day outing to one or two of the old villages that dot the Maritime Alps above Menton.,The distances were small, usually no more than 15 miles, but we kept an unhurried pace on the high, twisting roads and absorbed the views of mountains and Mediterranean that greeted us at every bend.,Each brief, beautiful road trip delivered us to another tiny stone town. We explored them slowly, on foot, allowing each to reveal some of its essence in its own way and time.,In Roquebrune, the woodcarver chiseled, calf-deep in shavings, while passersby climbed the narrow, medieval street and peered into his tiny atelier. Dana, my smallest sprite, conversed with Roquebrune’s cats. They slunk from the warren of passageways, and, as they rubbed themselves against the rock walls of ancient houses, she bent to their level to talk.,In the village square, music from a folklore festival pulsed from speakers hanging in the trees, and the DJ threw candy to a crowd of dancing kids. My Adam didn’t catch any, and he stood in the frenzy and cried. A Roquebrune boy took Adam’s hand and shared what he’d caught. International entente au caramel.,In Ste. Agnes, workmen in cornflower-blue overalls were rebuilding the chateau ruins on the town’s highest precipice. When they tired, they’d leaned on their shovels and looked out over the world that fell away below. They looked south to sparkling Menton, on the sea, then east, following the Mediterranean’s broad arc toward Italy.,A local artist was showing his vibrant work in Ste. Agnes’ cultural center. Kids on a field trip, backpacks bobbing and fingers pointing, crowded the gallery. The village was filled with art lovers who’d come for the exhibition, and the cheese shop enjoyed a brisk, late-morning rush.,We sat on centuries-old cobbles and ate yogurt and bread in Gorbio’s sun-splashed medieval heart. Laundry flapped on clotheslines strung about the town’s high-altitude neighborhoods. Cats played in the arcaded passageways, and Dana chased them up the short flights of ancient steps cut into Gorbio’s alleys, under arches and eaves, past tiny shops and into skinny rock tunnels that wind through the town.,We set out to find medieval Peillon, one of the Alpes-Maritimes’ most spectacularly-sited villages. Near Drap, a tiny sign with a yellow arrow pointed the way up a narrow strip of asphalt. The rich aroma of roasting beans from a small coffee factory filled the air as our car climbed sharp switchbacks.,I inhaled the caffeine scent, and it kept me alert as I we eased the car pushed upward into the mountains.,Peillon, a stone island in the sky, glowed creamy brown in the sunlight. We climbed the staircase streets to the town’s castle ruins and honey-colored church, accompanied by a collie who seemed to know Dana was coming.,He then bounded out of Monsieur Mariani’s sculpture studio and moved to the rhythm of Dana’s small stride. He yipped commentary in canine French. Dana translated: “He says to go this way!”,One bright morning brought us to Saorge, an amphitheater of jumbled beige and ochre buildings framed by olive groves. The town spread itself like a fairytale across the breadth of its perch above the Roya River. When we reached it, Saorge was closing itself up tight for the afternoon hours of dejeuner and rest.,Shopkeepers moved crates of onions and tomatoes inside. They pulled their shades. Hunched women in thick black shoes disappeared behind narrow doors and locked them. We learned townspeople’s names by reading brass plaques affixed to their ancient houses.,Here and there a lace curtain moved, and we’d look into a pair of watchful old eyes. Even Saorge’s birds retreated from the noon sun, and we were utterly alone in the crushing silence of the stone town. Had we not seen Saorge locking itself up, we might have thought it abandoned.,I led my spirited children to the top of the village. At the Place de l’Eglise, we hid from the sun, silence and old eyes in the 16th-century church, its lilac interior smelling deeply of mold.,When I opened the church door and released Dana and Adam to the empty, sun-beaten square, they ran and chased and hooted. I worried and whispered, “Shhhh,” and looked for the parting of lace curtains. The kids’ eyes twinkled as they ran away.,I found them in the square’s far corner, looking up at the only residents of Saorge not indoors for the afternoon. Two brown-eyed boys, standing on the top step of a staircase hewn from rock, were busy throwing colorful water balloons into the empty stone streets below. As each balloon burst, splashing the silent alleys and doorways, four kids belly laughed with pure delight.,A lace curtain parted. I saw old eyes. And a pair of smiling lips.,If You Go,The seafront city of Menton, 13 miles (21 km) from the airport in Nice, makes a good base from which to explore the villages perched in Provence’s Alpes-Maritimes.,Find information about the many villages at www.provenceweb.,Interhome, at www.interhome.com, has extensive listings of rental apartments in Menton and the surrounding area., ,Music, art and theater make the Emerald City a top destination for arts and culture lovers.,As a tourist, I’m not hard to please. I’m happy when I can view great art collections, then after dark, listen to live music. On a recent trip to Seattle I managed to get my fill of both. Between visits to the art galleries and museums, I enjoyed a lively nightlife that fully satisfied my appetite for live blues and jazz.,There are more than a half-million people in this sophisticated and vigorous city. The liveliest areas are Pioneer Square, the Pike Place Market, the waterfront and the Seattle Center.,For rock star lore, I visited Seattle’s Experience Music Project (EMP) at the Seattle Center, which opened in June 2000. Microsoft millionaire Paul Allen created EMP at a cost of US$ 240 million, in part to house his personal collection of Beatles memorabilia. He also wanted to provide a focus for pilgrims looking for traces of the famous Seattle musician Jimi Hendrix. EMP has displays ranging from stage costumes, posters and instruments to a high-tech recording studio where I could have cut my own CD in the digitally equipped sound booths.,Another technical marvel at the museum is the shoulder-slung computer included with admission price (US$ 20). This gizmo is destined to be a part of every major museum. The device allows visitors to listen to sound recordings, and to scan the displays to connect with Websites and digital archives.,EMP is impressive, but if you’re not a Hendrix fan you won’t get that much out of it. The curatorial focus is narrowly on the mainstream of American rock. The computer databanks that promised to hold the entire history of pop music came up blank when I did a search for some of my favorites from the distant past, like The Rezillos, Arthur Brown and Elvis Hitler.,Canadian architect Frank Gehry designed the EMP building around a motif of electric guitar bodies. This colorful jumble of organic curves caused a stir in the Emerald City even before it was built. As construction neared completion, Seattleites were polarized in their opinions about the museum. Three years later they still are. Some love the innovative design; others consider it a costly joke.,In addition to the EMP, the Seattle Center is home to the Space Needle; the Pacific Science Center, with its IMAX theater and planetarium; The Children’s Museum; the Fun Forest Amusement Park; and numerous arts organizations, including the Seattle Repertory Theatre, the Seattle Children’s Theatre, Pacific Northwest Ballet and the Seattle Opera. The Space Needle and the center are remnants of the 1962 Seattle World’s Fair.,Inside one center building I watched 200 people practice square dancing. They ranged from novices to seasoned veterans, including a group of kids as young as four or five, decked out in western attire, who already moved like masters of the do-see-do. In a grassy area in the shadow of the Space Needle, another group performed martial arts set to Salsa music.,I always orient myself in Seattle by sighting on the Space Needle. Taking the glass-walled elevator to the top gave me an added sense of the city’s layout, though it did make me a bit dizzy. “On a clear day you can see Victoria from either the restaurant or the observation deck,” beamed the elevator operator, gesturing toward the distant fog bank. I looked, despite having yet to experience a cloudless day in Seattle.,The revolving restaurant atop the 602-foot (183.5 m) tower is a stylistic throwback to a 1960s vision of the future, complete with formica, glass and plastic furnishings and fixtures. After enjoying the view of the Olympic and Cascade mountain ranges and the waters and islands of Puget Sound during my over-priced lunch break, I was ready for my next museum.,Ten minutes on the monorail and I was downtown. A short stroll brought me to the Seattle Art Museum, on University Street. The museum houses one of the most comprehensive art collections west of the Rockies. The collection is organized as a chronological survey, beginning with ancient Egyptian and Greek works through the medieval and renaissance periods, and ending with abstract contemporary art. There are also extensive samples of African, Asian and Northwest Coast Native American art.,A short walk uphill is the Frye Art Museum on Terry Ave. which houses one of America’s foremost collections of realistic art. This beautiful building and the collection are a legacy from Charles Frye, a Seattle butcher who made a fortune supplying Klondike gold miners in 1898. With the recent arrival of new curator Robin Held, the collection of romantic and realistic European and American paintings collected by Frye is being expanded to include diverse representational art. When I was there, Thomas Hart Benton’s work was the featured exhibit. Benton depicted America as it was in first half of the 20th century, painting scenes of everyday life among Ozarks dwellers, Chicago jazz musicians, southern African-Americans and West Coast urban pioneers. This artist’s vivid and colorfully realistic style has been dubbed “regionalism” by art critics.,Other excellent options for art viewing include the Seattle Asian Art Museum (1400 E. Prospect St.), the Nordic Heritage Museum (3014 N.W. 67th St.) or the Henry Art Gallery on the University of Washington campus. Then there are the many private art galleries, 30 of which are concentrated in Pioneer Square, with another 28 throughout the downtown area. At Foster/White Gallery (123 S. Jackson St.), in Pioneer Square, you can see contemporary local work that ranges from abstract paintings to sculpture, and blown glass art.,Seattle’s Pioneer Square is well known for a variety of live-music bars. In recent years, to stay competitive with the dance clubs, many of the venues have switched from live bands to canned dance music. I still got my fill of blues and jazz, but only about half of the pubs maintain the live-music tradition.,At the historic OK Hotel — like many Pioneer Square buildings, it’s about 120 years old — I caught a couple of sets from Little Bill and the Blue Notes. This classic five-piece blues band performed standards like Rollin’ and Tumblin’, Forty Days and Forty Nights and Reefer Man, as well as Little Bill’s original tunes. Little Bill blows a mean harmonica, and his gravely voice suggests that he has paid his dues.,Seattle at night presents lots of exciting prospects. Whether you enjoy theater, symphony, opera or ballet, you’ll find it here. Summer Nights at South Lake Union Park is a summer-long festival of performing arts that draws big-ticket artists such as Lyle Lovett, Chris Isaac and the Indigo Girls. The Bumbershoot Festival, held at the Seattle Center each year in early September, brings music and the arts together with more than 20 stages and more than 2,500 crafts booths.,Seattle’s showcases of art, music and theater have made Seattle a fabulous urban destination for art lovers of all sorts.,If You Go,Seattle Convention and Visitors Bureau,www.seeseattle.org,A group of former Amherst college ballplayers take a once-in-a-lifetime cultural and geographic journey to play in Cuba against talented players.,One of Pinar Del Rio’s finest pitchers of all time is staring down at me as I step into the batter’s box at Estadio Vinales in the western part of Cuba.,At 6’5” tall with a lanky, athletic frame, Porfirio Pérez was an intimidating presence on the mound in the 1970s when he pitched for the Forstales in Cuba’s top baseball league.,Had he been born in the United States, he likely would have been a major leaguer.,I dig in, sweat dripping off my brow into my eyes in the stifling tobacco country humidity.,Porfirio is entirely comfortable, almost regal, and as he winds up to pitch, his long arm and legs coil and uncoil in perfect balance.,He hides the baseball well into his delivery and the ball starts towards my elbow with surprising velocity.,As I pull my lead arm to my body to avoid getting hit, the ball darts back over the plate just before smacking the catcher’s glove. The umpire emphatically shouts, “Huaaah!”, signifying a called strike.,It’s nearly as good a slider as I saw during my college playing days more than 25 years ago. And Porfirio is in his 60s.,Earlier this year, a team of former Amherst College baseball players traveled to Cuba for a unique baseball barnstorming tour to play five games against teams consisting of former Cuban professional players.,Despite its small size, Amherst College, a liberal arts school in western Massachusetts, has always had strong ties to baseball with a team.,It consistently achieves high Division III rankings, three alumni that held Major League Baseball General Manager positions last season, and the honor of having won the first-ever college baseball game against rival Williams College in 1859.,Seven years after that historic game, the sport was introduced to Cuba by American sailors in the local ports.,Since then, baseball has become a central symbol of Cuban national pride. They live, eat and breathe the game. And they are good. Very good.,The Cubans approach the game with all the gusto one would expect. But they also are very disciplined, a result of INDER, the Soviet-inspired government athletics institution that systematically trains and funnels promising youths up to Cuba’s version of the Major Leagues, Serie Nacional de Beisbol.,Cuba’s success in international play is legendary. In the 1990s, they compiled a stunning 152-game winning streak. They won nine consecutive World Cup titles from 1984-2005. ,have claimed three gold medals and two silver medals in the five Olympics since baseball was added to The Games in 1992. Several of the Cuban players responsible for that extraordinary record are our opponents for the week.,The connective tissue among Amherst baseball players is strong, in large measure because of the shared experience of having played for Coach Bill Thurston, one of the most exacting and successful college baseball coaches of his era.,Our team is comprised of former players from the classes of 1962-2004 and, with a few exceptions, we have not played baseball at any level since college.,The prospect of playing against former professionals and the fear of getting embarrassed in front of former teammates provides ample incentive to get in baseball shape prior to the tour.,Skills have eroded, some beyond reclamation (pitching velocity), but others are reawakened (hitting and fielding) with practice and patience. In the winter months leading up to our departure, several of us frequent batting cages for the first time in decades. ,Giving us a chance to interact with younger players who are both amused by and amazingly supportive of our quest to regain a level of baseball proficiency.,Many of us commit to the trip as a means of marking our entry to middle age. The notion of traveling to Cuba to reunite with former college teammates and play competitive baseball for the first time in 25 years is appealing on multiple fronts.,It represents a new life experience, a physical challenge that encourages goal-oriented training, and a chance to reconnect with some treasured old teammates and friends.,Indeed, the trip seems to address all of the essential conclusions of the seminal Harvard longitudinal study on aging and happiness: keep it fresh, remain physically active, and stay socially connected.,But we are not here to get embarrassed either. Our demanding college coach insisted that the game be played right, and the burden of those expectations has not faded much in 30 years.,We take the training seriously, and it resurrects latent Amherst Baseball IQ and muscle memory. Because we are older, we get injured while training.,But the preparation pays off. And when we take the field in Cuba, we are not a lame fantasy camp team. We can play… just not like the Cubans.,During our tour, we play two games in Vinales, one in Guanajay, one in Matanzas, and one in Mayabeque. Some of these venues are not frequented often by outside visitors.,The rural playing fields are beautifully maintained and the grandstands of the stately if slightly crumbling stadiums hold boisterous local crowds.,In two of the games, the locals fly both the Cuban flag and American flag in centerfield and play our respective national anthems at the outset.,In the smaller venues, the nearby schools are let out to allow the students to attend the games. Everyone is curious about the team from a place called Amherst.,While we hold a lead in each of the five games, and all but one game is close in the end, it quickly becomes clear that the Cubans are playing these games like a bullfight – and we are the bull.,We jump out to a lead, scoring runs off their marginal pitchers, some pushing 70 years old. They follow with a recently retired professional pitcher, who is effectively unhittable, and he shuts us down.,Back and forth until the bottom of the ninth inning, where we are likely facing a former national team member or Olympian, armed with a metal bat, and now fully focused with the game on the line.,Even when it’s inevitable, the Cubans have a flair for the dramatic win. The final record for the Amherst squad: 0-4-1.,On the field, the Cuban players are cagey and competitive, laughing and hustling at the same time with a constant rapid chatter that tests even the most fluent Spanish speakers on the Amherst squad.,After the games, we get to know some of the opposing players better over dinner – and way better over bottles of rum. We learn about their impressive baseball accomplishments.,Some of them would have been Hall of Famers had they been allowed to play professionally in the U.S. Lazero Junco, who homered off us in the third game, is the number two all-time HR leader in Cuban baseball history with over 400 HRs.,If not for the cash-starved Cuban government’s sale of his baseball services to a Japanese team late in his career, he would hold the all-time HR title.,A few of the players cautiously share with us some of the realities of life under Castro. One player comments, “Fidel proporciona todo excepto el desayuno, el almuerzo y la cena” (“Fidel provides everything except breakfast, lunch and dinner”).,We learn that the average salary in Cuba is about $20/month and that taxi drivers often earn more than doctors and lawyers because they receive tourist tips.,And we learn that despite the glaring disparity in our abilities and achievements and circumstances, we share their love for the game and their hopes for a brighter future.,Experiences outside of our own games are equally memorable. After a morning game in Vinales, we load our bus with duffel bags of donated Little League baseball gear from our respective hometowns in America.,We drive farther into the countryside. After an hour, we stumble upon a remote, picturesque village called Pons.,It’s a poor place set amidst expansive tobacco fields and steep-sided limestone hills called mogotes.,In the heart of the village, we find a stunningly beautiful baseball field with a richly colored red dirt infield and a perfectly imperfect white picket fence.,Despite the obvious poverty in the area, the locals have clearly sacrificed to create and maintain the field.,Within minutes of exiting the bus, several children come over to meet us. The crowd grows rapidly when the donated baseball gear comes out.,An informal game follows as the children are eager to test out their new equipment. We laugh at what these Cuban kids would do to our children’s Little League teams. Even the 9-year-olds have long, elegant batting strokes, and they swing hard at everything.,We drive away at sunset wondering if some future baseball superstar will someday emerge from this remote Field of Dreams.,One afternoon in Havana after a game, we break up into small groups and wander through back streets.,The music, the architecture, the dance and, of course, the colorful Cuban people all contribute to a magical mosaic: Pulsing salsa in alleyways, passionate sports debates on street corners, kids playing stick ball games in the streets, and the smell of freshly cooked rice, beans and plantains coming from “paladares” home restaurants.,The crumbling facades and 1950s model Buicks and Chevys create an authentic charm. There is also poverty.,The half-finished infrastructure projects, abruptly halted following the Soviet Union’s collapse over 20 years ago, provide stark symbols of continuing struggles.,On our way to the airport the final day, we are exhausted and humbled by our collective good fortune to have remained fit enough to undertake this incredible trip.,Our guide Elias, who had enjoyed watching us compete against some of his favorite Cuban baseball idols, informed us that Cuban national radio had just reported that a “master class team of baseball players from a university in America”.,It had played a series of competitive games against former Serie Nacional de Beisbol players. Elias was quick to point out that the broadcast had graciously not provided the final record of our tour.,Then he paused for a moment, smiled broadly and proclaimed: “You see, my friends, no particular team won this week. It was baseball that won.”,Author Bio: Rob Born is vice president of corporate and business development at Vocera Communications, Inc. (www.vocera.com), a leading provider of clinical communications systems for healthcare organizations. He was captain of the baseball team at Amherst College, graduating in 1990 with a bachelor of arts degree in English literature., ,Other Buddhas may be larger, but they are not as significant historically. Don’t miss this icon in the Kasai region of Japan.,A huge historical statue can attract many travelers. The Great Sphinx of Giza in Egypt, the Statue of Liberty in New York and Lord Murugan Statue of Batu Caves in Malaysia are good examples.,In Japan, the Great Buddha of Todaiji Temple in Nara Prefecture first comes to mind. Even for the Japanese, it is one of the top destinations in the Kansai region, which lies in the central-southern region around Osaka. It should definitely be a must-see venue for your Japan trip.,Speaking of size alone, other huge statues of Buddha in Japan are taller and bigger than the Todaiji Buddha, which has a seating height of just 14.98 meters (about 49 feet).,Ushiku Daibutsu, the standing Great Buddha of Ushiku Memorial Park in Ibaraki Prefecture, is 120 meters (393 feet) tall, for example, and the same standing Great Buddha of Daikanmitsuji Temple in Miyagi Prefecture stands 100 meters (328 feet).,Such huge Great Buddhas, however, only have a short history. The Great Buddha of Ushiku Memorial Park, for example, was built in 1993. To put it bluntly, the statue has no historic incomparable value.,The Great Buddha of Todaiji Temple, on the other hand, is the very relic from the past. Its Colossal Hall called Daibutsuden was built in 751 and the body of the Buddha statue was molded in 749. And, finally, eyes were put on the great statue in 752 to welcome the Buddha’s soul.,Unfortunately, the Great Buddha and its Colossal Hall burned twice in their history. The second fire caused by the domestic war in 1567 almost destroyed the huge statue. The makeshift Buddhist sanctum shortly after the disappearance emerged but it also went into ruin due to a huge storm in 1610.,Complete reconstruction needed an immense amount of money, and a high-ranked monk created a number of campaigns at Edo (now Tokyo) and Osaka, in which he delivered Buddhism lectures and exhibitions of treasures from Todaiji Temple to believers. After succeeding in earning enough money through the campaigns, the monk started rebuilding the Great Buddha in 1684.,Seven years had been required for restoring; and the huge statue sprang back to life in 1692 when the eyes were put on the face to welcome the Buddha’s soul. Colossal Hall also revived in 1709.,The statue and building were designated a National Treasure in 1952 and a World Heritage Site in 1998.,Todaiji Temple itself is a must-see destination, but the temple belongs to Nara Park, a large park with 528 hectares (1,304 acres). Historical holy sites, such as Kofukuji Temple and Kasuga Shrine, beautiful mountains and the National Museum in Nara are also part of it. Most of them as a whole are also designated World Heritage Sites and can be the ideal destinations for your Kansai trip.,Some travelers familiar with Japan may know that the other icon of Nara is deer. Nara Park is their home and you can easily toss them snacks. They become attached to travelers, but they are wild animals. Surprisingly they are natural treasures of Japan and travelers need to pay attention to the way you treat them.,Doing harm to feral deer will be punished according to the Cultural Assets Preservation Act. It is, however, a wonderful occasion to have close contact with wild animals in the center of such a big city.,Great Buddha of Todaiji Temple and feral deer both in Nara Park are a perfect combination to touch various dimensions of Japan. Unlike Kyoto, a neighboring prefecture, Nara is not always jammed. You can stroll around at a leisurely pace.,If You Go,Nara is part of the Kansai region, which surrounds Osaka. Kansai also has many beautiful cities such as Kyoto and Kobe; all of the places are very close.,Transportation is well developed, and you can easily move to each city by public and private trains or buses.,If you want to travel to Nara to see the Great Buddha of Todaiji Temple or wild deer, you have various choices to move from Kansai International Airport (KIX).,Direct limousines will take you to Nara Station of JR / Kintetsu Line, which is very close to the Todaiji Temple. Both terminals of the airport have bus stops of the limousines, which take about 1 ½ hours to Nara. It costs 2,100 yen / US$20 (one way) but is very simple and convenient.,Trains are a little more economical. Nankai Line from the airport takes you to Nara via Osaka. In this move, you need to switch Nankai Line to Kintetsu Line at Nanba Station in Osaka, which is the final station of Nankai Line; and it costs 1,500 yen / US$15 (one way) if you don’t choose a limited express of Nankai Line.,You can also move to Nara by JR trains from the airport with similar fare. But transfer may be a little complicated because you need to stop off at Tennouji Station, unlike the Nankai Line.,The direct limousines are a little expensive but very convenient. If Nara is the first destination in your Kansai trip, choose them without hesitation.,An aerial tram ride through the rainforest or a ruins tour of 16th-century monasteries proves Panama offers more than a canal.,Mention Panama and most people think Panama Canal. There is no doubt that the 50-mile-long (80 km) canal that cuts across Panama from the Atlantic to the Pacific, completed in 1914, is one of the most spectacular feats of modern engineering. Any visitor to Panama should do at least a partial transit of the canal or a visit to Miraflores Locks to see the locks in operation.,Panama offers so much more, however: tropical rainforests for wildlife and bird viewing; beaches and islands for relaxing like Bocas del Toro; and mountain villages for hiking. Panama City, located on the Pacific, has excellent hotels, good dining, a few good museums and two wonderful historic areas, La Vieja and Casco Viejo, both rich in remnants from Panama’s colonial past.,The older of these two sections is Panama la Vieja (the old one), located at the eastern edge of Panama City. Founded in 1519 by the Spanish conquistador Pedro Arias de Ávila, Panama la Vieja — the original Panama City — grew quickly to become one of Spain’s most important cities in the Americas.,With its prime location on the Pacific, it served as a conduit for the gold and silver flowing from the mines of Peru and Bolivia that was shipped here, then carried across the isthmus of Panama to Caribbean ports, and then by ship to Spain.,Panama la Vieja had a royal treasury, cathedral, eight convents and monasteries, churches, hundreds of warehouses and scores of elegant mansions, as well as thousands of humbler dwellings. Over 150 years the city grew and prospered, with its population reaching an estimated 30,000 by the middle of the 17th century.,Everything came to an abrupt halt in 1671 when British pirate Henry Morgan and more than a thousand of his cohorts attacked the city, routing the Spanish soldiers defending it, then pillaged and looted the city. A fire completed the devastation. La Vieja was abandoned and left unprotected, in ruins, for more than 300 years. It was only in 1976 that what was left of this colonial capital became a protected historic site. It was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2003.,Some of La Vieja’s most important buildings, the Casas Reales (royal houses), including the royal treasury, customs house, and governor’s mansion, were on a small peninsula separated from the rest of the city by a moat. Today they have all but vanished, except for a few stone walls and foundations.,Nearby, on the other side of the moat, the Plaza Mayor (Main Square) is still visible today, as are substantial portions of other buildings: the impressive Cabildo de la Ciudad (City Hall), the equally impressive Metropolitan Cathedral with its bell tower, the bishop’s residence, several large mansions and the enormous late-16th century complex of the Dominican Order.,West of Plaza Mayor stands the ruins of many of La Vieja’s 16th- and 17th-century monasteries and convents, shoulder-to-shoulder, facing the sea: the Jesuits, the Franciscans, the Mercedarian Friars, Our Lady of the Conception.,There is a superb small museum at the west end of the archaeological site, a 15-minute stroll from Plaza Mayor. Admission is US $3 for a visit to the enclosed portions of La Vieja, including the museum.,After Henry Morgan’s destruction of the original Panama City, the decision was made to rebuild five miles (8 km) southwest on a peninsula, which was more defensible. The new settlement, Casco Viejo (Old Quarter), was enclosed within sturdy stone walls defended by cannons.,Today visitors to this second Panama City can walk along the top of the stone wall to see ships line up in the distance, waiting to enter the Panama Canal.,At the base of the wall, in the Plaza Francia, are plaques with the story of the canal and the thousands who died of malaria or yellow fever during its construction. Nearby are stone vaulted dungeons once used by the Spaniards, now housing art galleries and an excellent restaurant, Las Bovedas, appropriately named “the vaults.”,Casco Viejo is a place to stroll through slowly. It’s a relatively small area, and you can see much in just an hour or two. Many of the old colonial buildings are crumbling, although restoration seems to be gathering speed.,As you stroll you will pass numerous churches, some in ruins, such as the Church of Santo Domingo , as well as some still in use, such as the Church of San Jose, with its golden altar, which somehow escaped Henry Morgan’s looting of the earlier Panama City. (Legend says the altar was painted black to protect it.),Historic parks are interspersed among streets lined with colonial buildings. Parque Bolivar is near where revolutionary liberator Simón Bolívar organized the Congress of Panama in 1826 as he attempted to forge a union of Latin American countries, and Plaza de la Independencia is where Panama declared its independence from Colombia in 1903. Overlooking Panama Bay is the beautiful white presidential palace, Palacio de la Garza (palace of the herons).,The Museo de Arte Religioso Colonial is housed in a chapel of the ruined Church of Santo Domingo, and the Museo Antropológico, located just outside the Casco Viejo section, about a half-mile (.8 km) north, features splendid, well-displayed pre-Columbian statues.,If You Go,We stayed at the InterContinental Miramar Panama, a high-rise overlooking Panama Bay. The rooms are spacious, with floor-to-ceiling windows. There’s a fabulous bayside pool and an outstanding restaurant overlooking pool and bay.,Be cautious when strolling through Casco Viejo, even during the day (leave valuables in your hotel safe), and avoid strolling at night. Don’t miss the chance of dining at Las Bovedas restaurant, but arrive and leave by taxi.,Panama Institute of Tourism,www.visitpanama.com, ,Unexpected travel often leads to unforgettable memories, especially when language is an obstacle.,I didn’t know I was traveling until the train pulled out of the station. But suddenly, I was on my way to Dalian, a coastal city in Northeast China at the Bohai Sea, five non-stop hours away from Shenyang, where I was teaching English. Sometimes travel happens by accident.,My stay was only 30-days-old and I had come to terms ― if not yet embraced ― my daily trials: learning Mandarin by the thimbleful; eating foods that may or may not fall within basic food group guidelines; waking up to students “sounding off,” deep into military exercises each morning. But accidental travel? This was too much.,I was still digesting my new reality, acclimating to life in big-city Shenyang (population 4 million, located about 12 hours by rail northeast of the capital Beijing) when my neighbor, Howard, a British expatriate who had been in China a year, came knocking. He had three ladies in tow, all foreign teachers like us: two Americans teaching English, and Izumi, from Japan, teaching Japanese. They needed help with the language (some) and luggage (mostly) and so, I was brought on as labor. David, another American, joined us and that made six.,We trotted off to the train station and, big spenders that we were, purchased the one-Yuan (US$ 0.20) platform tickets necessary to enter the boarding area with the ladies. We muscled their luggage through the train’s narrow doors, down the skinny aisles and onto the top baggage racks. Happy when the grunt work was done, Howard, David and I didn’t immediately step off the train. As we visited, chitchatting easily, learning about each other, sharing some laughs, I noticed outside the window attendants were waving green flags. Hmm, being newest to the group, I didn’t want to overstep my boundaries, so I stayed quiet. My first mistake.,“Oh, oh, thank you, train moving,” Izumi said in delightfully worded English. It took her to finally speak what we others slowly realized, but didn’t say.,Sure enough, the train began to move, as trains eventually do, and though the others were seasoned travelers, this was my first ― albeit unplanned ― rail trip in China. We scrambled for the onboard attendant to resolve the situation.,Can we stop the train?,No, there is a schedule to keep.,Could we get off at the next town?,No, it is an “express” without a stop until we hit Dalian.,Can we speak to the supervisor?,No, he is back in Shenyang.,No, no, and, no. Three strikes.,The only solution was to pay for tickets and then purchase return tickets once in Dalian. This was a problem since we boarded the train purely as chivalrous gentlemen.,So we had only pocket money which, when pooled, registered in the shallow end, 75 Yuan (US$ 15). It was enough to buy one and a half tickets of the lowest budget ride ― hard seat, with the comfort level exactly how it sounds. One-way. No return fund.,At the time, some pricing standards reflected official policies; others, let’s say, were less official. Chinese paid one price; non-Chinese paid another (often double), or might be told that premium-level tickets were all that was available.,There was yet another price for non-Chinese working in China. So, for foreigners working in China to travel most economically, we needed a red card (work unit); a yellow card (working status); a green card (resident); and a passport optional (it has its own list of emergency uses). We three kings of the Occident had none of these.,If lack of money or proper papers weren’t enough of a challenge, we had a few more to add to the pot. Six of us combined knew enough Mandarin to hold a sticky 10-minute conversation about the weather. The college in which two of us lived had security measures that monitored the foreign teachers comings and goings. If the teachers go missing overnight, the Foreign Affairs Office tends to get upset, as we found out.,All said, our plan was a simple one. Get the ladies to fund our way and use their documents to get us the best prices. They were surprisingly easy to convince considering the loan used up nearly all their resources, and though we’d be able to return on the next train back, they were determined to stay in Dalian for a few more days on meager funds.,In the month I had spent in China, the hospitality was impressive ― almost embarrassingly so. Now here, tagging along with some whom I’d met for the first time, the good karma was galvanized. That was not the end of the goodwill, though. When we arrived in Dalian, we continued to visit the sights that were on the ladies’ original itinerary, though we didn’t have the money to enter any of the attractions that required fees. We spent the day at Laohutan (Tiger) Amusement Park, a full bargain of entertainment showcasing an aquarium, intricate sculptures and bird shows. Having left Shenyang’s gritty cityscape, it was a pleasure to see Dalian celebrating its natural beauty.,At Tiger Beach ― Dalian’s best swimming waters ― Fortune opened her stingy purse just a sliver. Some Chinese Navy officers on leave were visiting the city as well. They adopted us (they must have been at sea a long time) and generously hosted us with the loose promise that we do the same when they come to visit us in our home cities or countries. (Unlikely course of events, but enough for us to save face just the same.) Incredibly gracious.,But all things come to an end. Time was nearing for our impromptu trip to close. This time the roles were reversed and the ladies saw us off. They sent us on our way with a bottle of water, a few apples and whatever we had left in our pockets, mostly lint.,It was late and the train ride back was the cheapest available, the “Red-Eye Milk Run.” It stops at every village, allowing enterprising recyclers aboard the train to scurry and scavenge amid our feet and under seats for bottles and returnables to supplement household income.,Capitalism never rests, though, as vendors pushed wares through the open window with one hand while the other was palm up for payment. Feigning sleep did not dissuade the persistent.,There’s really no way to describe one particularly tenacious chicken salesman who pounded his barbecued goods against the side of the train trying to rouse us. Really, at 3 a.m., do I honestly want to eat a drumstick that had been pummeled against a moving train window at g-force?,Actually, yes. We were reduced to the barest of rations. Prison inmates convicted of the most heinous crimes ate better than we did that night.,The train moved through space and time at a glacial pace, but we eventually alit on Shenyang firma at 4 a.m., in the northern station. We lived, of course, but a quick pedi-cab ride from the only other Shenyang train depot in the southernmost district. We had no option but to set off on foot aiming for morning classes at 7 a.m., with a wisp of hope that we’d not been missed.,Right. When we arrived back at the college, the Foreign Affairs Office had already alerted the police. Much translating and gesticulating went on, but we explained as best we could that the whole thing was a simple misunderstanding and nothing more. We had certainly never intended to ride the rails like hobos, drooling over other passengers’ box lunches, relying on the kindness of strangers to see us through Dalian and the night.,When all had settled and proper authorities were placated, classes over for the day, the adventure behind me, I slept. And I dreamt fondly of many subsequent train trips to far-reaching points of China. Some were even on purpose.,If You Go,China National Tourist Office,www.cnto.org,Eat food in miniature and drink wine in bulk. Spain’s Basque region teems with cutting-edge cuisine and traditional wines.,October is grape harvest time in Spain. While tourists never really crowd the Basque part of the Rioja wine-growing region, they start thinning out at summer’s end. That’s hard to figure, since it’s an area where wine is hardly the only thing to drink in. Besides inventive restaurants and graceful medieval views, the Basques have a proud history, and most residents seem to have an easy-going, self-effacing air.,If I had a dollar for every time I heard one particular regional joke/proverb during our week’s trip, I’d have enough for a nice meal. It goes: “Sex is not a sin here, it’s a miracle.” The point seems to be that the always-industrious Basques now are busily re-shaping their rust-belt image into one of high-tech and haute cuisine.,The Guggenheim museum, designed by Frank Gehry, which opened in 1997, spawned a term called the “Bilbao Effect,” which notes that impressive architecture can attract worldwide attention and bring in tourists.,Local wineries are working to attract new visitors with their own dramatic buildings, so the present peace and quiet might not last. Outside the walled, hilltop village of Laguardia (which our Lonely Planet guide called the prettiest of the wine towns) is the Marqués de Riscal Winery. French Winemaker the Marqués de Riscal brought French Médoc viticulture to this winery in the 1850s, though local winemaking pre-dated that by centuries.,Rioja wines lean heavily on the distinctive tempranillo grape, but during a tasting at Marqués de Riscal Winery, my favorite was the 1998 Gran Reserva cabernet. Owing to the vintner’s century-and-a-half relationship with France, Riscal has special dispensation to use cabernet grapes.,A high point of the Riscal tour included a walk through the ancient cellars, where cobwebs partially hid bottles of every vintage since 1862.,Riscal’s ancestors recently built a Frank Gehry – designed winery, hotel and spa. The five-star Hotel Marqués De Riscal opened last month; it has 43 luxury guestrooms and suites, a restaurant and spa. The building is draped in undulating metallic fabrics like a Michelangelo Madonna.,Close to the Marqués de Riscal Winery, the magnificent Ysios Winery was built by another hot architect, Spaniard Santiago Calatrava, in 2001. From afar, Calatrava’s undulating wine cathedral appears pixilated as it rises dramatically from the stony vineyards. In contrast, tucked away among Ysios grape vines is a dolmen, a sort of stone igloo built around 3000 B.C. by Druid-like ancients, which highlights the modernity of Calatrava’s shrine to wine.,Calatrava also designed a signature footbridge in downtown Bilbao. In the United States, Calatrava was responsible for the soaring 2001 redesign of the Milwaukee Museum of Art. He is now upping the ante with his proposed world’s tallest building in Chicago.,In contrast to the modernity of the two wineries, the town of Laguardia, Spain is full of medieval ambiance. Kids play soccer on the cobblestones in front of the Gothic Church of Santa María de los Reyes, which, thanks to a sheltered portico, has about the best-preserved Gothic art anywhere. Life-sized and vividly painted 14th century figures, including Mary, Jesus and the apostles, look down on modernday visitors.,After an unforgettable meal of hake chins in the regionally distinctive pil-pil style (sautéed with garlic and olive oil) in our hotel, Hotel Villa Laguardia, we headed a few miles north to coastal San Sebastián feeling like Hemingway’s protagonist in The Sun Also Rises. (Jake Barnes went to San Sebastián to swim off the debaucheries of wine-soaked Pamplona.),San Sebastián, little sister to France’s Biarritz, was a playground for the rich before and during the Jazz Age. Here, tapas are called pintxos(pronounced “pinchos”).,This food art in miniature is made from an array of seafood, mushrooms, beans and peppers. The New Basque Cuisine Movement of the 1980s means you can now find both old-school and adventurous pintxos, depending on the venue.,One tapas bar offered purple sea urchin shells stuffed with fresh shrimp salad. The chef scattered the tiny urchin bowls and sauteed scallops in their  shells over a plate of Parmesan cheese “sand” for an edible seascape.,Obviously, food is a local passion here. San Sebastián’s old town, timeless and busy, in the traditional Spanish way, is crowded with cafes. Gastronomic  pub crawls, called poteo in Basque, are a vital part of an ordinary day. Residents try to hit as many spots as possible before heading home after work.  Private, do-it-yourself dining societies are another tradition, and for a town of about 180,000, San Sebastián boasts an amazing total of 14 Michelin-  starred restaurants.,To recover from the excesses of food here, walking helps, and there are incredible views from atop Monte Urgull, which you can reach by following the  path up from the Plaza de Zuloaga. Queen Maria Cristina’s Miramar summer palace can be seen from Urgull.,In Bilbao, Spain, almost directly west of San Sebastián you can still spot old-timers wearing traditional bright-blue berets, a nationalistic touch that  recalls a Basque history that may go back 25,000 years. Neither French nor Spanish, the Basques were granted autonomy in the Middle Ages and lost  it only in 1876. As they are ethnically, linguistically and culturally distinct from the rest of Spain, the local pride is understandable.,Of course, you can’t miss the Guggenheim in the middle of a river walk that bisects Bilbao. Chicago architecture critic Ed Keegan said he feared an “emperor’s new clothes” reaction to the museum when he visited, but he was wowed.,The Guggenheim is a titanium-skinned museum built to look like a boat with a fantastic lofty interior, atrium and enormous outdoor sculptures. Known for traveling exhibits, the Guggenheim also has a collection of works by Kandinsky, Miro, Picasso, Rothko and other masters.,Guernica, a Spanish town where leaders of the Basque people traditionally gathered each year under an oak tree, was mercilessly bombed in 1937 during the Spanish War. The local church was spared, but the rest of the town and the civilian population were ravaged, becoming a worldwide symbol of the horrors of war.,Today the town is necessarily modern. Yet, in addition to the church that still stands, another important symbol remains: Remnants of the oak tree that’s symbolized Basque identity for centuries.,If You Go,Marqués de Riscal,www.marquesderiscal.com,Vintage Spain offers winery tours.,www.vintagespain.com,Spain Tourism,www.spain.info, ,Tread lightly as you explore the recent history that shaped Cambodia into the country it is today.,The bright red skull and crossbones sign at the trailhead are all the incentive I need to tread lightly.,Supposedly, the temples have all been swept for landmines, but the surrounding jungles are said to still contain as many as six million unexploded surprises. These signs are a dramatic reminder not to leave the dirt path.,I had been on this very spot a year before when it was covered by the jungle. Had I wandered beyond where I stand now at that time, I most assuredly would have encountered a mine.,On this, my second trip to Cambodia to photograph the Killing Fields, I have once again hired Sokhoeun as my guide, for he is reliable and has a feel for this business.,He has twice pointed into the impenetrable greenery around us and brought my focus to the tiny steel tripods that are the detonators of these little killing machines. He tells me to only step where he has. His tread is so light I cannot hear his footfalls upon the leaves.,Only two weeks before, near this very spot, and on a picnic with his family, he froze in terror as he felt cold steel poking his behind. He had sat on an anti tank mine but did not weigh enough to detonate it. He was in a “cleared” zone at the time.,Today we are far out in the jungle at a place unknown on any map. It was here that an estimated 200,000 people were executed between 1975 and 1979 under the Khmer Rouge regime.,It is only people like Sokhouen who can tell of what happened in these remote places of death.,But that is life in Cambodia. Perhaps it is the immediacy of death that makes these people so happy and among the friendliest I have ever met. Perhaps living in the poorest of nations, knowing one can be vaporized at any moment, gives one an appreciation for life.,Still, I pray that the Cambodian Mine Action Centre, whose signs abound out here, have done their job well.,At Tol Sleung, the most infamous of the Khmer Rouge interrogation centers, I wandered through rows of blood-stained cells before exiting a room piled high with skulls. At Choeung Ek, the killing field made famous by the movie of the same name, a 50 foot (15 m) glass stupa, or mound-like structure, full of skulls screams at visitors about what happened here.,Parking lots of these now famous fields are full of descendants of those left behind when members of their families went to their death. Their survival is now dependent on begging from tourists who wish to see these gruesome places. Some hold photos of their slain relatives in hopes of inspiring sympathy and generating some money.,At Som Rouong Kmong, a former monastery, there is a giant crater now grown over with young grass. It is here that 250 young monks became the first to die, followed by 3,000 civilians.,An older monk shows me his drinking cup. It is the top of his own brothers’ skull. He tells me it is his personal reminder of the past and what will happen to him one day soon.,Wherever you go in Cambodia, you will see skulls. Rather than hide the genocide of at least two million people, the Cambodians have chosen to put it center stage. They have learned from their own history and choose not to repeat it.,On the trail to the cave at Phnom Suntouk, a site where over a thousand people were hurled over a cliff to the rocks, two hundred feet (61 m) below, Sokhoeun points at a small clearing and tells me it was here that a friend had been bitten by a cobra.,When I ask if the man lived, he gives me that puzzled look that tells me I am asking an absurd question. There is no medical attention in this part of the world.,It is his matter of fact delivery of this news that chills my blood. We pass through dozens of webs with spiders the size of my fist to find the cave wall lined with skulls of those whose lives ended here. As we leave I see the dark tail of a massive cobra disappearing into the brush just ahead of us.,On our final day together, on the sun-baked road to Beng Melea, our brains are fried from the heat and my spine is warring with the springs of my seat on every bump. We are hailed to a stop by a soldier in the middle of nowhere.,He waves his AK-47 in our direction and tells Sokhoeun we must pay him $3 US dollars to continue on his road. I make it a habit never to argue with a man holding a gun, especially in a third-world jungle.,I fumble though my pockets and find a crumpled $5 bill, thinking it a cheap enough bribe for our lives. The soldier holds it up to the light as though he can tell if it is real or not, then sets down his rifle and gives me $2 US dollars in change. As we pull away, I see him smiling and waving in the rear-view mirror.,Bouncing along in a cloud of dust, I  contemplate the absurdity of what we are going through. In this area, we have a 50-50 chance of being shot for no reason at all. And I know the money we just paid will go into the pocket of a local warlord while those around him continue to starve.,Sokhoeun shrugs his shoulders and smiles at me. “Cambodia,” he says, and that says it all.,If You Go,To secure a visa: Royal Embassy of Cambodia,www.embassyofcambodia.org,China Airlines,www.china-airlines.com,Local Guide Bout Sokkhoeun,sokkhoeun@yahoo.com,Siem Reap’s Angkor Star Hotel,www.starhtl.com,James Michael Dorsey is an explorer, author and photographer who has traveled extensively in 35 countries. His journeys are mostly off the beaten path, and he frequently lives with indigenous people to record their culture. To see more of his work visit www.jamesdorsey.com., ,Take a literary journey off-the-beaten-path while visiting some of the most notable writers homes and exploring the vibrant city of Hartford, Connecticut.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,The state of Connecticut in southern New England is an ideal blend of lovely beaches, glorious woodlands and picture-perfect towns. Interestingly enough, the Nutmeg State has also been a fertile ground for American literary greats and Hartford, the state capital, easily takes center stage as an erudite hub. ,Better known as the “Insurance Capital of the World” as many insurance companies set up their headquarters here in the 19th century, Hartford is certainly a tourist destination as the numerous literary and historic landmarks can make for an ideal day trip or weekend getaway. ,We began with Samuel Langhorne Clemens, famously known as Mark Twain, surely one of the most influential writers in the American literary pantheon. His house located on Farmington Avenue is where he spent the longest time and penned many of his masterpieces including Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.,Surprisingly, we were the only visitors at The Mark Twain House and Museum on the day of our visit and we thoroughly enjoyed the calm and serene surroundings. The beauty of the 19th-century Victorian Gothic-style house was simply breathtaking.,It was achieved through painstaking restoration that brought in an award from the National Trust of Historic Preservation. Built by New York architect Edward Tuckerman Potter and decorated and styled by Tiffany’s Associated Artists, the house has 25 rooms through three floors.,My daughter observed throughout the house was expensively decorated with superbly crafted detailings and the living and the dining room exuded a warm, lived-in feeling evoking a creative dialogue between visitor and house.,The ornamental details and motifs are hugely inspired by Indian, Chinese and Middle Eastern patterns, the perfect representation for Twain who first tasted success as a travel writer. The conservatory filled with lush greenery and pretty little gurgling fountain in the center was also lovely to encounter. ,Read More: Saving for a House? 7 Free Things to Do in New Haven, CT | Redfin,Located next door to the Mark Twain House, is the home of Harriet Beecher Stowe, the author of the famous anti-slavery novel, Uncle Tom’s Cabin.,This neighborhood known as Nook Farm was the abode of many writers, activists and politicians, and Twain and Stowe were definitely the two most famous residents. ,The Harriet Beecher Stowe House and Center calls itself “a non-traditional museum” and highlights the work and thoughts of a writer whose work inspires ideas of social justice and positive impact. Exhibits even in the gracious Stowe Visitor Center featured Stowe’s thoughts and quotes on social issues. ,The house, a National Historic Landmark, was built in 1871, and it underwent a major restoration in 2017. Its interiors manifest the Victorian-era design choices of Harriet Beecher Stowe herself. While the house is surely an attraction, it was the charming garden that caught my eye. ,The beautifully landscaped garden was created in 1968 when the Stowe Center opened its doors to the public. The lovely trellis covered with climbers, the vibrant wildflower beds, curved paths, clumps of jutting rocks and soaring trees are all inspired by Harriet Beecher Stowe’s own gardening interests.,Stowe believed in the healing powers of gardens and my family and I who are consummate city dwellers relished every moment spent there. ,In between the Twain House and the Stowe House was another marvelous house built in 1884 and a creation of the New York architect Francis H. Kimball, known for building many early skyscrapers in Manhattan.,Originally built for a local lawyer who owned most of the land upon which the three houses stand, it was bought by Katherine Seymour Day, the grand niece of Harriet Beecher Stowe in 1940. ,I loved the Queen Anne style architecture of the Katherine Seymour Day House with its varied colors and materials, the dark trims contrasting with the red terracotta tiles and the heavily carved details. ,Today the Day House, listed in the National Register of Historic Places,  is a part of the Harriet Beecher Stowe Center, all thanks to the efforts of Katherine Day who not only bought her great aunt’s home next door for preservation but also did pioneering work to preserve the Mark Twain House.  ,If you’ve ever opened an American dictionary, you must thank Noah Webster, an educator, and writer of the American Dictionary of the English Language in 1828, now known famously as the Webster’s Dictionary, which introduced American words and spellings to schoolchildren who were using British textbooks up until then.,The 1750s-era Noah Webster House and West Hartford Historical Society on South Main Street in West Hartford is open for self-guided or docent-guided tours. In the house, which is also the birthplace of Webster, there are four rooms decked with period furnishings spread over two floors.,A point of interest is the large weaving loom in one of the rooms, signifying the family trade, as Webster actually means female weaver. ,The Pulitzer Prize winning poet Wallace Stevens, another literary giant from Hartford, composed his poems as he walked 2.5 miles from his home to his work as an insurance executive.,The Wallace Stevens Walk covers the route, starting from his home at Westerly Terrace to the Hartford insurance company building on Asylum Avenue, where he worked. ,“Thirteen Ways of Looking at a Blackbird”, is a mesmerizing poem, whose thirteen stanzas are carved into stones that are placed along the path he took, beckoning you to retrace his footsteps, the idea having been beautifully visualized by The Friends & Enemies of Wallace Stevens. ,The Wadsworth Atheneum located on Main Street was founded in 1842 and with its opening in 1844 it has become one of the oldest public art museums in the country.,The museum, or athenaeum center for art, history and literature, comprises five connected buildings built in varied architectural styles. The main building in Gothic Revival design with its turrets and castle-like exterior immediately grabbed my attention. ,The museum offers an excellent collection of Baroque art, Impressionist paintings, classical bronzes and decorative arts, textiles, costumes and furniture spanning 5000 years of world history.,It also boasts an incomparable collection of Hudson River School landscapes and American Impressionist paintings. A visit to this museum, which is listed on the U. S. National Register of Historic Places, is a must for art lovers. ,Hartford’s Old State House is the nation’s oldest state house having been built in 1796. It was an early design of Charles Bullfinch who later on went on to become the architect of the Capitol in Washington D. C. It was the seat of the state government until 1878 after which the offices moved to the present Capitol building.,Historically, it is famous as the site of the opening sessions of the Amistad trials of 1839 which was about Africans who revolted after being illegally captured and sold into Spanish slavery and placed aboard Amistad, a cargo ship.,Today, the impeccably restored Federal-style stately building, a National Historic Landmark, houses lavish historic rooms, eye-catching artifacts, and interesting oddities such as a two-headed calf located in the Museum of Natural and Other Curiosities. ,Facing Bushnell Memorial Park is the Connecticut State Capitol. An ornate piece of architecture designed by Richard M. Upjohn, it was built by James G. Batterson and completed in 1878.,Upjohn was a well-known New England architect whose many buildings grace the National Register of Historic Places or are national historic landmarks.  ,The gold dome of the marble and granite building glittered in the evening sun as we took a moment to click a memento photo. Take a tour if you have the time to see the stencils and stained glass, a replica of the Liberty bell and the many statues and relics that decorate the interiors.,In keeping with our travel theme of visiting historic landmarks in Hartford, our stay happened to be at the Residence Inn on Main Street in downtown Hartford.,The hotel is placed inside the Brown Thompson Building, a National Historic Landmark and included on the National Register of Historic Places.,The building began its life as R. and F. Cheney Building and was designed by noted architect H. H. Richardson who brought about a style known as Richardsonian Romanesque.,Constructed in 1875-1876, the massive building dominates the street with its imposing three-tiered facade that has a series of arches that start out with a row of arches in the highest tier and ends with five huge arches at the street level.,There is no shortage of excellent eateries in Hartford. You can take your pick from budget-friendly to fine dining options. ,Trumbull Kitchen at 150 Trumbull Street, near Main Street, is a chic eatery offering a variety of foods ranging from Mexican to Chinese, American, Japanese, Italian and also vegetarian options. The restaurant is closed on Sundays. ,For upscale Italian food, you can head to Salute at 100 Trumbull Street to taste delicious pasta, salads and meat or fish entrees. The lunch options are eclectic with a variety of sandwiches and salads. ,Feng Chophouse at 93 Asylum Street was our choice for a dinner takeout. The restaurant serves delectable Asian dishes from Japan, China and Thailand.,Though it is a steakhouse offering uniquely fancy steaks, there is also a broad selection of tasty entrees, salads, noodles, sushi and sashimi. But beware this eatery is closed on both Sunday and Monday. ,Author Bio: Susmita Sengupta, an architect by background, from New York City, loves to travel with her family. Her articles have been published in many online travel magazines such as Go World Travel, Matador Network, GoNomad, Travel thru History, In the Know Traveler and others.,With pristine beaches, ancient ruins, and all-inclusive resorts, Cancun is ideal for relaxing. Here are our top 10 things to do on a trip to Cancun.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,If you are longing for nice weather, sandy beaches, turquoise sea, and a good vibe, Cancun would be the perfect place for your vacation. ,Cancun is located on the Mexican Yucatan peninsula. You can explore the unbelievably beautiful Riviera Maya south of Cancun, with all-inclusive resorts, theme parks, and major Maya archaeological sites.,This area offers numerous activities, including going on a sunset catamaran cruise, parasailing adventure, and swimming with whale sharks. Exploring Garrafon Natural Reef Park at Isla Mujeres by kayaking and snorkeling is another activity you can embark on while absorbing the outstanding natural beauties of Riviera Maya.,If you want to learn more about the Mayan civilization’s rich cultural and historical heritage, make sure to visit the San Miguelito ruins, Museo Maya, and El Rey archaeological site near Cancun Airport.,Family amusement Ventura Park and Xel-Ha park with their interesting mangrove tours are just two of dozen adventure parks along the Mexican Caribbean coast area. You can enjoy a zip-line ride, go rafting with friends, go sightseeing, or take your kids to the Children’s world.,After daily outdoor activities, relax in the evening at the Parque las Palapas, the central park in downtown Cancun. The nightlife scene of Cancun is also great. We recommend visiting a well-known Coco Bongo nightclub, with music shows and acrobats.,Here are our picks for the top 10 things to do in Cancun that deserve to be in every travel guide about this Caribbean paradise. You can learn more at Odigoo Travel: a guide to the best ecotourism activities and things to do in Cancun,Exploring white sand beaches is one of the top things when you are visiting Cancun. The good news for you is that most beaches are public. Playa Delfines is the largest beach, located near Cancun’s Hotel Zone. It is also well-known for its colorful Cancun sign, a hot spot for Instagrammers.,You can also visit Playa Norte in Isla Mujeres, where you can rent a golf vehicle to explore the surroundings. Playa Maroma is well-known for its turquoise water and Playa X’cacel as an ideal place to view sea turtles.,Playa del Carmen, located in Riviera Maya, just one hour ride south of Cancun, hides some of the most beautiful beaches where you can soak up the sun and as well as walk along the Quinta Avenida their own version of New York’s Fifth Avenue.,We recommend buying a day pass to a beach club, so you can relax overlooking the Caribbean sea and let all your senses enjoy it.,Cancun’s impressive coral reefs belong to the Mesoamerican Reef Barrier System. That is the second-largest reef barrier globally, which is spread from Isla Contoy to Honduras.,The best way to explore Cancun’s reefs is to book some of the snorkel-guided tours. Local English-speaking guides can take you to do best snorkeling spots in Cancun, like Punta Nizuc, Puerto Morelos, and Cozumel.,Coral reefs in Cancun are a bit far-off from public beaches, but amazing marine life is definitely worth your visit.,To protect the coral reefs, in 2010. artist Jason deCaires Taylor made an alternative place for diving. At a depth of 3 to 10 meters, 500 sculptures were dragged in the ocean, divided into three galleries.,In addition to basic human figurines, Musa Underwater Museum also contains entire scenes from everyday life and a Volkswagen Battle car.,You can visit this incredible underwater museum by a submarine with glass windows or during scuba diving tours, which begin at Nichupte Lagoon and proceed to the ocean.,For those who want to get to know Mexican tradition and folklore better, visiting Xoximilco and going on an unforgettable gondola ride is a must. That is one of the most fun things you can do in Cancun and a great nightlife option.,A local host will entertain you and your company with fun games and exciting stories. You can taste authentic Mexican dishes, including tacos, while drinking beer or tequila in an open bar.,Musicians will create a great atmosphere, so you can dance and sing with the rhythms of various genres of Mexican music during a 3-hour party.,Chichen Itza is one of the most significant Maya cities, located in the Yucatan Peninsula, near Valladolid. A day trip from Cancun to Chichen Itza is a great way to learn more about the impressive Mayan civilization.,On that UNESCO World Heritage Site, you can see The Temple of the Warriors ruins, the Osario pyramid, stone sculptures, and a well-preserved ball court from ancient times. Temple of Kukulkan (El Castillo) is the central and the most famous building of this archaeological site, with more than 2 million visitors annually.,Thanks to rich cultural and historical heritage, Chichen Itza was announced as one of the New Seven wonders of the world in 2007.,Tulum ruins are one of the most famous ancient places in Mexico, thanks to their fantastic location. That coastal fortress is situated on a high cliff above the blue waters of the Caribbean Sea.,At Tulum, you can see several ancient landmarks, like the Temple of the Descending God and the Temple of the Frescoes. Don’t be surprised if you also see giant iguanas around the ruins.,You can go to Tulum with organized day tours from Cancun or other popular places on Riviera Maya, like Playa del Carmen. After visiting Tulum ruins, you can go down to the beach under the cliff and take a swim in the Caribbean Sea.,The cenotes are deep natural pools. Underground rivers from the extensive cave system were the only clear water source for ancient Mayans. Also, Mayans used cenotes as spiritual places. On Yucatan Peninsula, there are 142 cenotes available to visit. You can find them in different sizes and shapes.,The most popular cenotes are Ik Kil and Suytun near Chichen Itza and Cenote Xkeken with unique cave decoration. You can also visit cenote Zaci in Valladolid and underground cenote Samula, with a hole in the ceiling through which light illuminates the turquoise water.,There are also underground cenotes with no natural light. You can find some of them near the Coba ruins, like Tamchach-Ha and Multum-Ha.,Xplor is a phenomenal adventure park, just one hour from Cancun. It is worldwide known for its 14 zip-lines, the highest in the Riviera Maya region and the most visited ziplining destination in Mexico.,You can also experience several exciting activities like underground rafts, hammock splash, and extraordinary road adventures with amphibious vehicles – a kind of ATVs – through the jungle and a flooded cavern.,The ticket price for the Xplor theme park also includes unlimited drinks, a buffet lunch, and complete equipment for your chosen activities.,Xcaret theme park is one of the biggest attractions in Riviera Maya. It is located between Playa del Carmen and Tulum, just 70 km south of Cancun. With many natural and cultural attractions, Xcaret Park is an excellent choice for an all-day family escape. ,In that fantastic eco and water park, you can explore underground rivers and cenotes, Mayan village, multiple natural pools, caves, and beaches, as well as jungle trails and coral reef aquarium.,Swimming with marine life and dolphins, speedboat tours, snorkeling, and wine tastings are also available but for an extra charge. Also, we recommend you experience a live “Xcaret at Night” performance show to learn more about Mexican folkloric dances.,More than 600 stands with various products await you at Mercado 28, a huge market situated in downtown Cancun.,Don’t rush with your purchase. Take enough time to look around as many stalls as possible. Local sellers will offer you clothes, handicrafts, jewelry, pottery, wooden items, and various colorful gewgaws. ,You can buy quality things at a very reasonable price if you know the art of bargaining and want to practice your Spanish.,You can start learning Spanish now with Rosetta Stone. Plan your lessons around your schedule and be able to get around and have interesting conversations with local people when you travel to Mexico. Check out their different plans and lifelong special here.,There are also many restaurants with tasty classic dishes or local Mexican specialties.,Ready to enjoy an exciting beach trip to Cancun, Mexico? Start planning your trip with hotel and VRBO reservations through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Use Promo code CUN24 at CheapOair for exclusive flight deals to Cancun and the best car rental options.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,The miraculous story of the Italian Chapel in the Orkney Islands, Scotland. A moving tale of war, hardships, abundant faith and dedication.,Atrocities, torture and hard labor emerge as the most common images of World War II POW camps. Words like kindness, cooperation and creativity rarely describe these encampments of war-time imprisonment. But the miracle of Camp 60 on Lambholm Island, an uninhabited outcropping of the Orkney Islands, Scotland, proved to be the exception.,From 1943 to present day, the inspiration of 250 Italian POWs captured during the Allied North African campaign, lives on as a historical example with an Italian Chapel in the Orkney Islands.,On a British Isles Adventure to the Scottish OrkFney Islands several years ago, we had the privilege of experiencing this marvel.,Note: Scotland is now open for travelers. Put a visit to the Italian Chapel Orkney on your ‘must do’ list.,On October 13, 1939, a German U-Boat slipped undetected into Scapa Flow, the waterway which fronts Lambholm Island and torpedoed the British battleship Royal Oak, anchored in Scapa Bay.,The loss of the ship and 833 crew members prompted Winston Churchill to order construction of concrete causeways to block access between the island and Mainland Orkney.,Due to the labor shortage of British workers enlisted in the war effort, The Churchill Barriers as they were called were built by Italian POWs brought to Lambholm for this sole purpose.,To house the Italians, the British constructed 13 gloomy Nissen huts, the UK version of Quonset prefabricated shelters with semicircular arched roofs and concrete floors. The prisoners set about to transform their drab environment.,With surplus building materials, they constructed concrete pathways, a recreation hut, and a cement billiard table and planted wild flowers endemic to the island.,Prisoner Domenico Chiochetti, an artist by pre-war profession from Moena, Italy, took charge of the beautification project and even constructed an image of St. George out of barbed wire covered with cement. But these faithful Catholics sadly lacked a chapel where they could pray.,A new camp commandant, Major T.P. Buckland, and sympathetic chaplain, Father P. Gioacchino Giacobazzi enlisted the artistic services of Domenico to create a chapel out of two Nissen huts joined end to end.,Chiochetti gathered prisoners, whose professional expertise included a cement worker, a blacksmith, electricians and house painters, to turn a pipedream into reality. After completing their daily required labor on the barriers, the prisoners used their downtime to work on the chapel.,All building materials had to be scavenged from second-hand, worthless scrap and the men dug deep into their imaginations and ingenuity for items that could be salvaged for use. Extra concrete hid the ugly contoured exterior of corrugated iron and transformed the façade with a belfry and ornamental Greek pinnacles into the shape of a tiny church.,The commandant obtained left-over plasterboard to cover the unsightly interior walls, making them suitable for Chiochetti’s magnificent fresco paintings of four evangelists, the Madonna and Christ Child, and the symbol of the Holy Spirit, a White Dove.,Wood from a wrecked ship doubled as the tabernacle. Empty corned beef tins covered in concrete served as light fixture holders and a discarded automobile exhaust pipe dipped in cement molded into the Baptismal font.,Glass windows, on which Chiochetti painted detailed religious stories, substituted for stained glass, and allowed light, the sun’s warmth and hope to stream into the sacred altar area.,When Italy capitulated to the Allies in 1944, the prisoners left the island and returned to their homeland. But, Domenico Chiochetti, so dedicated to the work of this sanctuary which had saved the men from loneliness and despair, remained behind to finish the detailed paintings inside the chapel.,This fact alone speaks to the miracle of the Italian Chapel; a POW who chose to remain in the camp rather than race home to his country and family.,Before his departure, Chiochetti turned the Italian Chapel over to the Orcadians and implored the owner of the island, Mr. Sutherland Graeme, to promise that the people of Orkney would cherish their chapel and maintain it.,After the war all of the camp buildings that served the material needs of the POWs were removed, but the Chapel and the statue of St. George, which had quenched their spiritual needs, remained.,Locals and tourists by the thousands vacationing in the Orkney Islands, Scotland started to make pilgrimages to see the miracle of the little Italian Chapel. Its fame grew through recognition by the BBC and Mr. Graeme formed a local commission to preserve the building.,Funds for restoration and maintenance were entirely covered by a minimal entrance fee charged and from donations left in the coffers by appreciative travelers. Our visit to this physical testament of faith during times of grave adversity 73 years after its inception proved emotional.,Allison Sutherland Graeme, daughter of the original owner of the island and now in her 80’s, arrived at the Chapel during our time there to share her childhood experiences.,Back in 1942, she and her parents lived in a huge farmhouse on the edge of the POW camp. Fascinated by the unusual activity and the strange men stationed just steps from her home, she spent many hours interacting with the prisoners during the construction of their beloved sanctuary.,Allison described lively moments for a 10-year old girl with her stories of the men’s dedication to their faith.  Her memories made the prisoner’s work on the chapel come alive for me. Allison relived for us the events that have occurred at the Chapel over the course of the past half century.,In 1960, as a guest of the Chapel Preservation Committee and the BBC, Domenico Chiochetti returned to Lambholm. He spent three weeks restoring the faded religious wall paintings he had initially created. Mass was held during his visit and he was the first person to receive the Holy Sacrament in the Chapel.,In 1992, a gathering of eight of the original POWs returned to celebrate the 50th anniversary of their enlightened encampment. Domenico’s health prevented him from making the journey, but the entire service was broadcast by Italian National Radio so the residents of Moena could celebrate from afar.,Check out this article on the Top 10 Things to do in Scotland,Today, the Italian Chapel on Lambholm Island remains under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Parish of Our Lady and St. Joseph Diocese of Aberdeen, Scotland.,Mass is held in the Chapel on the first Sunday of the summer months, April through September. Over 100,000 tourists visit the Chapel each year and it is considered to be the best known ‘symbol of reconciliation in the British Isles. A loving relationship remains between the people of Orkney and the families of the original POWs.,For me, in these present times of difficulties throughout the globe and struggles to return to the love and wonderment of travel, The Italian Chapel on Lambholm Island, Orkney, Scotland represents an icon of cohesiveness, optimism and hope.,Perhaps someday our world will return to an atmosphere where even Prisoners of War have the opportunity to be treated with respect and to exercise creativity, practice their religion and develop life-long friendships with people who were once their enemies.,Historical facts obtained from the Chapel Preservation Committee Booklet, Orkney’s Italian Chapel; www.orkneycommunities.co.uk/italianchapel ,Start planning your exciting journey through history on the Orkney Islands today! Find exclusive flight deals and ground transportation packages here through Kiwi. Next, you can get prepared to travel by checking out hotel and VRBO options, favorite Scottish restaurants and insider tips on how to get around through Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,See all that you can of the Orkney Islands by booking some tours and day trips here.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol L. Bowman retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local online and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric fieldwork in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,In this immense Vietnamese valley, curious children practice newly-learned English and red-dressed women entice buyers with hand-crafted wares.,The gentle rocking of our carriage came to a gradual stop as the long whistle of the train announced our arrival in Lao Cai. Peering out the window of our cozy berth, my traveling partner, Ramona, and I witnessed the deep pink of a dawning sky as the sun rose to burn off the morning mist.,We had traveled on the night train to the very northern reaches of Vietnam, home to more than 50 indigenous hill tribes that populate the countryside. This was the beginning of our two-week journey in Vietnam. Our mission was to create an itinerary that captured the heart and soul of the Vietnamese culture for the future clients of our travel company, Soul Adventures.,The bustle and excitement of passengers exiting the train gave way to the rich morning sounds of a village just awakening. Roosters crowed in the distance as locals pushed their wooden carts of wares, and drivers lined the street outside the train station, engaged in friendly banter.,Still chilly from the frosty night, we bundled up and went in search of our driver. We found our guide, Thang, and were welcomed with a big hello and a warm smile as we loaded our gear into the truck for our journey north into the Sapa Valley.,We swayed on the winding road as it led us deeper into the mountains, and the deep green of the rolling hills blanketed our route.,Local hill-tribe women, heavily laden with finely woven baskets on their backs, traveled on foot toward town to trade their goods. As we made our way around the final bend in the road, we spied the bright orange and gold of the Victoria Hotel atop a hillside.,Inside, we were greeted by the crackling of a warm fire and fresh mango juice. Finely carved wooden musical instruments and rich tapestries — crafts made by local villagers — adorned the lobby and guest room walls. This was to be our base camp of adventure for the next four nights.
A cool morning mist blanketed the valley as we ate a hearty breakfast buffet — a combination of Western classics and the robustly spiced foods of Vietnamese cuisine. Steaming hot noodle soup, sushi and fresh breads filled us up as we gazed at the villagers filling the streets of Sapa below.
The town of Sapa is part of a network of small villages that can be reached by a complex array of footpaths. Ramona, Thang and I left our hillside retreat and descended about a half mile on a steep and rocky footpath to the valley floor, which was elegantly carved by the cool, rushing waters of the Muong Hoa River.,Hunched over large boulders at the river’s edge, a woman dressed in the blue denim dress of the Black Hmong tribe scrubbed a pile of clothing in the river as men and women passed on foot bearing heavy loads of rock, wood and bamboo. Crossing the river over a solid foot bridge, we ascended the northern bank and wound our way through seemingly endless rice fields of the many villages dotting the lush landscape.,A handful of houses comprised each village, and as we passed by, children ran from their homes and, with the biggest of smiles, loudly exclaimed “Hello!” A “hello” back always resulted in deep laughter, as they repeated their “hello” in hopes of prolonging the exchange.
The sun was warm on our backs as the winter mist of the valley gave way to a clear blue sky. We walked gingerly, balancing along the slippery mud mounds outlining each rice terrace, careful not to fall into the thick gooey mud of the recently harvested beds.,Traversing the northern slopes of the immense valley, we could see our next destination below, along the swiftly flowing river. Ban Ho village was tucked away in lush tropical vegetation of bamboo and palms. Homes were simple, square or rectangular one-room structures constructed of a mix of strong thatch and wood, stilted to protect farm animals that lived below.
We were entertained by a mama pig wandering, her piglets in tow, below one of these homes. Nearby, a young woman bent over an immense caldron of steaming white rice, preparing the midday meal for the small community of family homes, while the piglets maneuvered their way through the cooking area.,Mid-afternoon, after a leisurely lunch along the banks of the Muong Hoa, we continued our hike. A long, beige, dust-covered concrete building drew us from the winding trail. Deep within its walls, we could faintly hear young voices reciting the ABCs. Thang noted that mastering English is a prized accomplishment for the youth of Vietnam today, as they seek a secure future. Reaching the building, we cautiously peered through one of several open doorways.,Worn wooden desks lined the small room, with two children per desk huddled over books. We counted 10 children who couldn’t be much more than six years of age. A young woman who looked no older than 20 stood in front of the room as the children intently read aloud. We stood quietly in the doorway as we watched.,Then we were discovered. The grins of the children gave way to a round of giggles as they shyly peered up from their books. Without missing a beat, they continued repeating the words of their teacher. “DOG.” “Dog.” “BALL.” “Ball.” A bell rang and their recitation stopped. The children were instantly on their feet, hurriedly making their way outside through open doorways.,It was their midday break, and now the children could follow us, at least for a little way, as we continued on the path to the next village. Hand in hand, the children walked at a safe distance behind us. The giggle of innocent excitement serenaded our journey.,Up ahead a group of women dressed in the bright reds of the Red Zhao village awaited our arrival to display their wares. The most assertive of all the hill-tribe villagers, these women had a mission: To sell us the fruits of their labors. With friendly smiles, the women invited us into their homes to view their crafts.,The dark, wooden huts with dirt floors were simply laid out. A mattress on the floor in one corner, a cooking pit in another, and a sitting area with just enough small wooden chairs for the family was at the center of the home. Here is where the negotiations began.,Brightly woven purses and shawls suddenly appeared. Several of the Red Zhao women begged for our attention. “Good price for you” they said, in English. Asking what that price might be, we learned that $1 US was the special for that day. Banter back and forth, many friendly smiles and an occasional word from Thang helped us to our final negotiation of two beautiful needlepoint purses for $1.,All of us were happy with the exchange. We gathered our things and went on our way. As we looked back along the trail, the village women and children waved at us with big smiles.
Each turn of the trail brought us to yet to another wonder of this region. The spirit of this culture, deep within the valley, touched our hearts. It was only the first day, and our journey had just begun.,If You Go,Vietnam Travel Tips,November through February is the best time to visit Vietnam. The northern cities of Sapa and Hanoi are clear and cool during this time. The central cities of Danang and Hoi An are pleasantly warm, while the southern cities of Saigon and Can Tho are warming up, but are not yet the steamy temperatures of the spring and summer season.,Soul Adventures offers two-week adventure tours for small groups spanning the entire country of Vietnam in December and January, as well as custom tours, upon request. Prices include 4- to 5-star accommodations, all in-country transportation, meals and fees for activities. Pre-and post-trip excursions to Cambodia can also be arranged. Small-group travel and meticulously planned details ensure a quality experience.,Soul Adventures: 303-881-5185
www.souladventures.org
info@souladventures.org,Vietnam National Administration of Tourism: www.vietnamtourism.com,If you want to discover the wild beauty of Vietnam. We are always happy to serve you.,Thanks for your interesting article. This bring a taste of adventure in northern Vietnam.,Looking for a unique luxury experience that lets you see the world? Check out these exciting Princess cruise vacations to relax and explore.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.   ,Looking for the ultimate way to relax and have fun while traveling? Then you need to experience a cruise vacation at sea. ,Princess Cruises is a luxury cruise line known for its comfortable ships, world-class service and exciting itineraries. They have restarted many of their cruise itineraries and offer cruises in destinations all over the world. ,(Want to learn more about cruising? Read 6 Things I Wish I’d Know About Cruising) ,With Princess Cruises, you can explore waterfalls in Scandinavia while relaxing at the spa in between, stop in colorful Caribbean cities after lounging at the top-deck pool, appreciate the majesty of Japan and more. You could even travel around the globe on one of their astounding World Cruises.,While many have been wary of traveling after this year, Princess Cruises has made extreme efforts to keep passengers safe while still enjoying themselves. ,With touch-free access and ordering, COVID-19 passenger requirements, new ventilation and environmental sterilization systems, advanced onboard medical teams and social distancing practices, the ship has truly become one of the safest ways to travel. ,So if an ocean vacation is calling you, then book now while prices are at their best.,Here’s a list of the 10 Princess Cruise vacations we are most excited about:,From Ft. Lauderdale guests will travel to the Caribbean on the Regal Princess. With over 1,400 balcony rooms, a glass-floor sea gazing walkway, a WaterColor Fantasy light and water show and more, this ship is a truly sensational experience.,At your first stop at Amber Cove, you can snorkel, hike, shop zipline and learn more about the local culture. Then after a quick trip, you land in Turks & Caicos, where you can soak up the beaches, history and delicious local food and drinks. ,One more day to enjoy onboard activities while cruising along the sunny seas, and then you are back to disembark in Ft. Lauderdale.,Book this cruise here.,Discover Grand Turk, Colombia, Costa Rica, and Jamaica and pass through the freshly updated Panama Canal locks. On this route, you will be staying on the elegant Emerald Princess. ,Explore the mysteries of the Old City in Colombia, experience Panama and tell everyone how you went through the Panama Canal locks, see the colorful wildlife in Costa Rica and splash around the breath-taking waterfalls in Jamaica. ,With four days at sea in between, you will have plenty of time to party, savor the amenities, dine at the many onboard restaurants and get closer with loved ones.,Book this cruise here.,Embark from Los Angeles to three of the most exciting and lively cities in Mexico. On the Majestic Princess, have a cocktail at the pool and go dancing at night while kids enjoy youth club activities and family meals. ,Travel the Sea of Cortez as you party in Cabo, lounge on white-sand beaches in Mazatlan and shop for authentic goods in Puerto Vallarta before you return to California.,Book this cruise here.,See the eastern coast of Australia during 14 days onboard the Sapphire Princess. Indulge in world-class gourmet dining, multi-deck pools and social activities and plenty of family or romantic fun. ,Over the seven stops, you will visit the iconic city of Sydney, enjoy the tropical excellence of Cairns, have fun on the dunes and witness the majesty of the Great Barrier Reef.,Book this cruise here.,Are you looking for a European island-hopping adventure? Aboard the Regal Princess, you will visit the hottest spots in Europe for beach fun, island parties, rich culture and some of the best food in the world. ,With stops in Athens, Santorini, Kotor, Sicily, Naples and Barcelona, you are sure to fall in love with this ocean excursion.,Book this cruise here.,Tour the gorgeous lands of Japan and South Korea on this unique cruise on the Diamond Princess. This cruise is full of delights with freshly prepared sashimi, cultural performances at the modern theater and the unforgettable, custom-built Izumi Japanese Bath. ,On this culture-focused cruise, you will get to see famous temples, ceremonies, war sites, and shopping centers of Japan and South Korea. Visit stunning mountain tops and then relax on the oceanside pools on this one-of-a-kind cruise.,Book this cruise here.,This World Cruise tours the oceans from Australia to the USA with stops in incredible countries like Indonesia, United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Greece, Croatia, Spain, England, Iceland, Canada and more. ,You truly get to see the world as you experience vastly different cultures and climates. On this trip, you will be traveling on the Coral Princess, which was voted best mid-sized cruise ship for service. ,With award-winning onboard chefs, sports activities, spas, entertainment, youth programs and on deck lounging, you will never run out of onboard fun. ,Book this cruise here.,How many times has someone told you how magical an Alaskan cruise is? ,Now you can experience it for yourself on this glacier adventure as you chug along the coast aboard the Grand Princess, which boasts comfortable elegance. ,On this route, you will see unparalleled views, wildlife and natural wonders. See the stars like you never have before and truly relax at The Sanctuary. Most importantly, you get to devour remarkably fresh fish and witness Glacier Bay National Park.,Book this cruise here.,Vacation in the lands of waterfalls, folklore and sea towns. Once you embark from London on the Island Princess, you will stop in seven smaller but stunning cities and towns across England, Ireland, Iceland and Greenland. ,Feel the magic at the Blarney Castle in Cork, rejuvenate in the Blue Lagoon in Reykjavik and spot polar bears along the icebergs in Nanortalik — all while dining on fresh seafood and enjoying vast ocean views.,Book this cruise here.,Talk about a bucket list cross-off. Be one of the lucky people who get to explore Antarctica onboard this top sea-going cruise on the Sapphire Princess. ,With a focus on nature, you can see penguins, battlefields, go sea kayaking and even camp among the wildlife on this journey. ,In between, you will behold the rugged and stunning landscape of the Antarctic Peninsula. You can always stay warm on the ship and enjoy fresh food, casinos, spas and family activities.,Book this cruise here.,Believe it or not, there are hundreds more Princess Cruises trips to choose from. Whether you are looking for a quick 3-day escape or a 107-day trip around the world, Princess Cruises has a vacation catered to you. ,Right now, they have incredible seasonal deals and family package options, so you can get the best price imaginable. Start planning your vacation here.,Pueblo Ingles, an English-immersion program for Spaniards, helps Spanish professionals gain fluency in conversational English.,Pueblo Ingles, an English-immersion program for Spaniards, helps Spanish professionals gain fluency in conversational English.,This skill has as many twists and turns as the roads that lead to Valdelavilla, in a valley of Mediterranean scrub forest in north-central Spain.,Pueblo Ingles has touched the lives of thousands of Spaniards and English-speaking volunteers.,The Spaniards leave the program with a greater conversational mastery in their second language, and the volunteers leave Valdelavilla enriched by Spanish culture and new friendships.,The Spanish professionals’ difficulties conversing with their English-speaking clients are overcome in an atmosphere that is as low-key and supportive as possible.,It is, compared to the dog-eat-dog business environment, where not being able to understand English and its many nuances can be costly.,Spanish business people make up most of the program’s participants; it’s rounded out by students and others interested in becoming fluent in English.,The first requirement for volunteers at Pueblo Ingles is to be fluent in English.,Any kind of English fluency will suffice, including British English, Boston English, South African English, Minnesota English and Australian English.,An outgoing personality and being open to interacting with people of a different culture is also important, because conversing is job one for all the participants of Pueblo Ingles.,The day begins at 9 a.m. with breakfast, and ends sometime after 10 p.m., when the last meal is completed.,After the 2 p.m. lunch there’s a 90-minute break in the afternoon for a siesta or whatever the participants feel like doing.,Even the three daily meals, which include traditional and regional Spanish dishes, serve as class time for the Spaniards, who are matched evenly with volunteers at the dinner tables for conversation.,The other talking and interaction sessions vary, including one Spaniard and one volunteer pairing up for 50-minute, one-on-one conversations during the day and afternoon.,The pairs may take a walk on the cobblestone streets of Valdelavilla or along the trails that lead to and from this village, which radiates a medieval ambiance.,Valdelavilla is situated near a vulture preserve. While participants enjoy the outdoors and discuss the issues of the day or just life in general, the sky will be populated with anywhere from a few to a couple score of these scavengers.,Don’t worry, as long as the Pueblo Ingles participants display signs of life, the vultures will keep their distance!,After siesta time, a group activity is held. Later, some of the matched pairs may get together with other twosomes to play badminton or a table game.,Such as Trivial Pursuit, wherein the Spaniards are required to translate the questions from the cards into English.,This can be quite a challenge, as an exact equivalent word or phrase from Spanish to English doesn’t always exist.,An hour before dinner, everyone gathers in the big meeting room that overlooks Valdelavilla for a nightly variety show.,Students and volunteers are encouraged to make at least one presentation during the week about any subject to the rest of the group of around 40 people.,The intensive exposure of everyone speaking the English language over the course of a week brings a new confidence to the students, especially because they will have been exposed to many different English accents.,Volunteers get to connect with people who are really accepting and inquisitive of the world in general.,And they are made to feel at home by the Spaniards as the Iberians strive closer to their goal of conversational English language mastery.,Pueblo Ingles
www.puebloingles.com,The program runs from one Friday to the next Friday. Volunteers receive free
transportation from Madrid, accommodations and three meals a day, as well as accident insurance.,Programs exclusively for Spanish and English-speaking teenagers are available in
the summer. Pueblo Ingles programs are held in two additional Spanish villages,
La Alberca and Cazorla, and program veterans can volunteer in Pals and
Umbria, Italy., ,An overnight stay in this storied palace brings spine-tingling adventure.,I asked for an insider’s look at life in a castle, but this is ridiculous! I’m on my hands and knees with three other gardeners, carefully pulling tiny weeds from a bed of flowers in front of Hampton Court Palace. There are 60 acres (.24 km²) of royal gardens, and right now they seem to go on forever.,It’s not easy running a 16th century palace, especially one as large and historically significant as Hampton Court in the United Kingdom. Just 30 minutes from London, Hampton Court was once home to Britain’s most famous kings and queens. Its most infamous resident was Henry VIII (1491–1547), the English king who had a penchant for killing off his wives.,Today the castle is cared for by Historic Royal Palaces. Although the nonprofit charity takes its job as caretaker of British heritage seriously, the staff certainly has fun doing it.,When I asked for an inside scoop on what it takes to run a palace, I was handed a shovel and a gardening hat. Now here I am, a Yank in the queen’s gardens, trying to distinguish between weeds and blooms.,The horticulturist to my right doesn’t notice my hesitation. He expertly trims and pulls, explaining how England’s most-visited garden is cared for. Last year, the gardening team of 38 planted 200,000 flower bulbs, grew 140,000 plants in the greenhouses and maintained more than 8,000 trees.,“Many aspects of the gardens are 500 years old,” says Terry Gough, the gardens and estate manager who has stopped by to oversee my work. “We have to be sensitive to those features, as well as cope with the wear and tear of one million visitors a year.”,Mercifully, Gough hands my hoe to another gardener (is that relief on his face?) and takes me off to view the Maze, a tricky arrangement of shrubbery planted for William of Orange in 1690.,While children love wandering through the Maze, I’m more interested in the Great Vine. The plant is five feet wide and 234 years old.,“That’s even older than America,” Gough quips. Every year the trusty vine produces a crop of “Black Hamburg” grapes that are sold in palace shops.,Having seen the gardens, it’s time to head inside. We enter through Base Court, a vast square of dark-green grass surrounded by high brick walls. A light mist covers the ground and the smell of damp earth fills the air.,The massive courtyard is purposefully intimidating, for the royals wanted their enemies to feel humbled by their strength. While the first structures were built in 1236, it wasn’t until the 1550s that Henry VIII turned the palace into the colossal behemoth that it is today, boasting more than a thousand rooms (80 of which are open to visitors).,Helen Smith is one of the conservation housekeepers in charge of caring for all those rooms. When Gough turns me over to her care, she hands me a pair of white gloves, worn to protect the priceless tapestries, furnishings and other artwork that we’re going to “conserve.”,I follow Helen down several dark hallways to the King’s State Apartments, which were built for William of Orange, also known as William III (1650–1702). The enormous rooms are filled with centuries-old furnishings and priceless works of art. As she works on one of the drapes, Helen talks about William III, the king who married his cousin, Mary. Together they ruled as true partners.,From Helen’s entertaining account (which is more interesting than any history class I ever took), it seems that William III was a likeable chap. However, I’m beginning to despise that awful Henry VIII. Here, surrounded by the beauty he built at Hampton Court, I am constantly reminded of the terror and pain he caused.,But Helen has no time to wallow in the past. She pulls out a special vacuum and works on the tapestries. “Our goal is to preserve what we’ve got, whilst keeping it stable,” she says, showing me her careful technique.,“Dust is a huge issue,” Helen says. In fact, the palace takes it so seriously that they have developed new techniques for monitoring and recording levels of dust. Hampton Court is also home to the world-renowned Textile Studio, lauded for its cutting-edge conservation techniques.,But I am not cut out to be a conservationist, so after a pat on the back for good work, I’m sent off on my own to explore the palace. I follow one of the castle’s costumed guides through the Tudor Kitchens, and then wander through the Haunted Gallery, where Catherine Howard, the fifth wife of Henry VIII, pleaded for her life but lost, and was executed in 1542.,The young queen was accused of infidelity, and arrested and charged with treason. Knowing that a deadly fate awaited her, Catherine broke away from her guards and ran toward her husband’s rooms, hoping to plead for mercy.,But before she could reach the king, guards dragged her, kicking and screaming, through the Haunted Gallery. Terrifying shrieks are still heard occasionally today, and it is said that her apparition appears along the gallery.,Anne Boleyn (1507–1536) was another of Henry VIII’s hapless wives. “Anne was done up for treasonous adultery,” the guide explains, “including an incestuous relationship with her brother.”,While some have questioned those charges, the penalty for such an accusation was beheading. Many have reported seeing Boleyn as a ghostly lady in blue or black. “She’s a versatile ghost,” the guide says. “She’s said to haunt about 15 properties.”,Jane Seymour (1509–1537), the third (and only beloved) wife of Henry VIII, died giving birth to the future Edward VI. She has been seen in the Silver Stick Gallery on the anniversary of Edward’s birth.,Our tour through Hampton Court has been fascinating, and I feel that I could spend days listening to all its history. Unfortunately, it’s growing dark, and most visitors are leaving. Yet my next adventure is about to begin.,To get a real taste of the royal life, two friends and I have decided to spend the night in Hampton Court. Yes, you really can spend the night in the castle, provided you can afford the nightly fee.,Our British host, Jacque, shows us to our rooms at Fish Court, a lovely part of the palace that has been renovated as two small apartments. The classic furnishings are simple and tasteful. While I relax in the overstuffed chair in the corner, it’s easy to forget that the 16th century is just outside.,From my window, I look over the courtyard, imagining life here hundreds of years ago. I watch as the castle is closed up for the night. The palace is eerily silent, centuries of history surrounding me in the walls.,Around midnight, I awake to strange sounds, bumping and thumping outside the window. The day’s ghost stories jump into my mind, and suddenly I’m alert.,“There’s no such thing as ghosts,” I tell myself, falling back into an uneasy sleep.,Morning finally comes, and we all compare notes on the night’s strange sounds. “It was just the wind,” one of my friends says, laughing nervously.,The sun is just shining its first rays of light as we gather our suitcases and clumsily pull them across the ancient cobblestone courtyard in Fish Court. Then we stop.,“How do we get out of here?” one of my friends asks. In the darkness of last night, we hadn’t noticed how we had gotten there. A vast array of closed doors confronts us on all four sides of the courtyard. There is no one around.,“Let’s try this one,” I suggest, pushing against a massive wooden door. It is locked, as are the other six doors we try.,“This one is open,” my friend calls, and we happily wheel our luggage through the door — which promptly locks behind us. Now we are stuck in Base Court.,It is deserted, and a low mist is rising from the flagstone and grass. Fog covers the red brick walls across the way. There is a strong musty smell.,“Great!” my friend calls, a note of panic in her voice. “Now how do we get out?”,For a few minutes, we wander around the yard, our luggage wheels clicking loudly in the otherwise-silent area. All of the doors are locked, so we give up and sit down. We can already envision the headlines: “Three Yanks lost at Hampton Court.”,Then, out of the gray morning fog, an old man appears out of nowhere. He looks at us with amusement.,“Could you please show us the way out?” I ask. Lifting his finger, he points to an outer gate, which we find is now unlocked. We thank the man, but he simply nods and walks away.,Later that morning, our hosts at Hampton Court ask about our stay there. “We were completely locked in and lost,” I admit, “until this older gentleman came by and showed us the way out.”,“What did he look like?” asks Jacque, the woman who had shown us to Fish Court the night before. I describe the fellow, and then watch as shock comes over her face.,“That guy died over seven years ago!” she says.,I am taken aback, but then, as I consider her answer, I notice Jacque trying to hide a smile.,“Ah, these Brits,” I laugh. “They’re always trying to pull one over on a hapless Yank.”,Then again, I think they are joking.,If You Go to Hampton Court,Historic Royal Palaces
www.historicroyalpalaces.org,Overnight at Hampton Court Landmark Trust
www.landmarktrust.org.uk,Helpful Travel & Shopping Information,Allianz Travel Insurance – Travel The World Knowing You’ll Be Taken Care Of. Affordable Plans As Low As $17.,Need Luggage? eBags offers Free Shipping over $49 + Easy Returns,Author Bio: Janna Graber has covered travel in more than 40 countries. She is the editor of three travel anthologies, including A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel, and is the managing editor of Go World Travel Magazine., ,Amid thick desert dust, this Mauritanian train transports iron ore and provides small-town passengers with access to the outside world.,You can’t see it, but somewhere in the approaching sand cloud is one of the longest trains in the world: It’s one-and-a-half miles (2.5 km) long. It’s impossible to discern anything in the jostle of passengers and the rasping dust the train has kicked up as it rolls toward us through the Sahara Desert.,The freight cars pass for what seems an eternity, the train gradually slowing until, at last, with a shuddering halt, the two passenger carriages reach the station of Nouadhibou, formerly Port Etienne, with a population of 90,000, Mauritania’s second-largest city and commercial center.,Those who have not yet jumped into the passing freight cars stake their claim on the last of them, while the others mass outside the passenger carriages. There are men in turbans, women in billowing dresses, young children, enormous bundles, rugs, bleating goats and enough pushing and shoving for a rock concert. They all want to board at the same time — through the same door.,I make the mistake of stepping back to take photographs. I escape the bedlam and am hopelessly shunted to the end of the line. It soon becomes clear that many of these people are not embarking. They are husbands, family or friends assisting others in getting on, but inadvertently adding to the confusion. And I cannot get past them.,They also have every reason to panic — the train only stops for a few minutes. A woman in a pink dress finally hauls me into the carriage by seizing my backpack, while her husband pushes me by my buttocks from behind. Just as I am launched inside, the train lurches violently and we plod off into the heart of the Sahara.,The Iron Ore Express shuttles people and ore from the desert to the coast on a single-track railway line of 419 miles (674 km).,The ore is the bedrock of the Mauritanian economy, but the train is just as important to the people, providing a means of transport out of remote communities and access to the outside world.,Three trains run daily between the mines in Zouérat to the Atlantic port of Nouadhibou, and one of these carries passengers. Passengers can ride for free on the iron ore or pay a few dollars for the “luxury” of a hard wooden seat in the carriages. These can be hopelessly overcrowded.,Once the train picks up speed to a maximum of 31 mph (50 km/h), it also gathers the sand from the desert — which explains why I could hardly see the train until it was right in the station.,There is not a single foreigner on the train besides me, and only four other women. I am the object of much interest, although the men visibly relax when I say I am meeting “my husband” in a few days time.,I sit with the lady in the pink dress and share her biscuits and the drool of her one-year-old son. I can only communicate with her by smiles and nods.,Outside is frontier country. It’s hard to believe this lunar-like landscape was once full of lakes, rivers and vegetation. We pass the odd herd of goats, but our only other view is a sandy track that occasionally appears, following the railway line.,La Mauritanie, the land of the Moors, claimed independence from its French colonial rulers in 1960. While you can still find baguettes and croissants at the breakfast table and children who will ask “Donnez-moi un cadeau” (give me a present), the Moorish culture is still by far the more dominant.,Mauritania is almost twice as big as France. Three-quarters of it is desert. With a population of only three million people, it does not even come close to the 11 million living in the greater Parisian metropolitan area alone.,The railway line was built at about the same time as the country’s independence, to take advantage of the sizeable iron-ore deposits in Zouérat. The railway line and the port are close to the territory of Western Sahara, which was disputed between Morocco and Mauritania since nationalism emerged in the 1960s, when nomadic Saharans settled in the region.,The nationalist Polisario Front (mostly Berber inhabitants of the region) waged guerrilla warfare and sabotaged the train until 1979, when the Mauritanian government renounced its claims to the land.,I am grateful that the conflict was resolved. Otherwise there would be more than a fine dust blowing through the window right now. The dust is so constant I soon follow the other passengers’ example and adjust my scarf into a makeshift turban. Within the first hour some passengers produce a gas burner and brew tea.,Biscuits, lollipops, gum and babies are passed around communally. Blankets cover the floor where some of the passengers lounge. The rest of us make do on the rattling benches.,A ghetto blaster provides a steady stream of the latest Mauritanian, African and even Hindi music until, thankfully, it jams, sparing our ears from the constant barrage. Two men spend hours unreeling the cassette tape.,Just before sunset the train slows, seemingly in the middle of nowhere, and an armada of jeeps appears out of the dust to ferry passengers to unknown destinations in the dunes. Unfortunately, my pink-robed friend is one of them. She waves to me when I poke my head out the window.,We rattle off again, and as the last of the sun’s rays stream through the window, everyone in the carriage stands to face Mecca, bow and pray. I feel left out, sitting alone on my seat.,Night falls and torches are brought out. A candle is hung from the ceiling in a cracked plastic bottle. Every drag on a cigarette or pipe lights up the smokers’ features in the gathering gloom. Tea is brewed again, and groups eat by the flickering light.,We have another stop at 9 p.m. Many get off to toilette, or to find a quiet spot in the sand for their ablutions, pray and rest. When we continue, card games, music, conversation, snoring and a crying baby provide accompanying noise to the constant rattle of the carriages.,After 12 hours of travel we slow again as we near Choum at 2 a.m. The carriage comes to life as sleeping bodies are awakened and baggage gathered. Two of the women are heading to Atar, and they shepherd me into a waiting jeep with them. The train pulls off into the night to its final destination Zouérat. Despite its lack of comfort, I feel sad to see it rattle away.,Our journey is not yet over, and it’s another four hours by jeep until we reach Atar along desolate roads, stalling continually. The capital of the Adrar region, in the northwestern part of the country, is considered the real heart of the Sahara, and it seems fitting to arrive wrapped in turbans and scarves with the dirt, dust and iron ore of the desert upon us.,If You Go,Buy tickets at the station before departure. Ask around or look for someone in a SNIM railway shirt carrying a briefcase. Make sure you buy the ticket before you board the train, as you will pay more onboard. Tickets are 1,000 Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) (US$ 3.82) for a carriage seat or 3,000 MRO (US$ 11.50) for first class. First-class seats are limited, but they allow access to a smaller room with bunk beds. It does not necessarily ensure more comfort.,It is free to ride on the iron ore, but it can be dangerous, and it’s very cold at night, exposed in the wagons. Blowing desert sand and dust also make it a dirty trip. You may consider it if you have a sleeping bag. Check the departure times, on arrival. The train leaves the Nouadhibou station daily at about 3 p.m. The station is approximately 1.2 miles (2 km) out of town.,When to Go,The winter season, from November through March, is the best time to visit Mauritania, when the weather is quite pleasant.,Other Things to See,Atar is the starting point for many interesting trips in the Adrar region, and the gateway for visiting the ruins of the ancient Moorish cities of Oudane and Chinguetti, both World Heritage sites. If you take the train, get off at Choum and take a shared taxi jeep to Atar (4 hours). You can also get here by plane.,You can visit the ruins of Azougui, 6.2 miles (10 km) to the northwest, with a fort and mausoleum of Imam Hadrami, a holy warrior hero from the 11th century. The pleasant oasis of Terjit is only 12.4 miles (20 km) away.,If you have more time, consider a visit to Chinguetti, the seventh holiest city of Islam. Here, you can tour the old Foreign Legion fort, a 16th century stone mosque and a Koranic library containing ancient manuscripts.,Ouadane is another 87 miles (140 km) northeast from Chinguetti, on the edge of the Adrar plateau. It was founded in 1147 by Berber people, and quickly became a significant caravan and trading center.,Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Mauritania,202-232-5700,www.mauritania-usa.org,Home to 60 percent of Mexico’s birds and wild landscape that changes from sierra to swamps and rivers, Lox Tuxtlas is perfect for adventure.,Popping out of a lonely green corridor splitting the mountainous forest, I stopped to gaze down the highway. “What kind of enchanted land have I entered?” I wondered aloud.,To the right, unpopulated sandy, subtropical beaches shimmered toward the horizon. To the left, the thick forest ebbed and prairie-like pasture covered the hills rumbling toward the sea.,Los Tuxtlas Mountains crowd southeastern Mexico, north of the Yucatan. They are a range of low volcanoes that span in elevation from sea-level on the Bay of Campeche to over 1,700 meters, in the most northerly tropical rain forest on earth.,This region embraces the Olmec culture.,Being the home of the Olmecs is mysterious enough, but the countryside, vegetation and black-earth odors enhance the puzzle of this lost civilization.,The geological features—from beach to crater to steep-walled canyons in a humid, tropical climate—create an astounding diversity of micro-climates and terrain.,Over 3,000 plant species and 550-plus bird species thrive in the Sierra de los Tuxtlas. Laguna Catemaco, seven miles long, four wide and 98 feet deep at its maximums is formed from the calderas of extinct volcanoes.,Mexican Highway 185, a narrow, two-lane road, snakes through Los Tuxtlas’ low-lying mountains. Two autopistas, or toll roads, completely bypass the region, keeping the land isolated and relatively unspoiled.,The tourist, adventurer or explorer, with effort, can find unknown Olmec ruins, artifacts and sculptures hidden in the jungle.,Thankfully, numerous little-known tourist sites and archeological digs nearby dissuade the unprepared visitor from emulating Indiana Jones and taking on the terrain in search of the next major archeological find.,A poorly marked road circles Volcán San Martin and Reserva de la Biosfera de Los Tuxtlas and runs along the coast.,It’s a day’s ride, if sightseeing, devoid of five-star luxury, but brimming over with nature’s raw beauty. A lucky few enjoy that circular exploration once.,The really lucky drive it several times and stretch stops at different sections into longer ventures to absorb the unadvertised sites, such as a rocky island colored white from nesting birds, and drink in the lifestyle of Old Mexico.,Catemaco anchors the Los Tuxtlas region. Surrounded on three sides by tropical jungle, the picturesque town nestles beside the mysteriously inviting Catemaco Lagoon. ,Among other lakeside attractions, tour boats visit an island inhabited by monkeys and includes the Reserva Ecológica Nanciyaga, (Nanciyaga Ecological Reserve).,“The Medicine Man,” starring Sean Connery, and “Apocalypto,” directed by Mel Gibson, were filmed there.,Although a few larger towns dot the region, Catemaco is an excellent base from which to explore Los Tuxtlas.,The town offers numerous accommodations and restaurants, with fresh fish straight from the lake and seafood from the ocean less than thirty miles away.,Catemaco is the center of brujas, or witches, in Mexico, and is internationally known by those interested in the mystical side of life.,Paranormal shops, medicine men, and fortune tellers are sprinkled throughout the town. The Festival of Witches, a lighthearted celebration, occurs during March.,On the serious side, many believe the magic and supernatural atmosphere hearkens back to pre-historic Olmec celebrations.,Medicinal plants grow in these forests, and bubbling springs and waterfalls add to the other-world ambiance. In isolated villages, one can find respected men we’d term herbalists or root doctors.,A tourist map is available at most hotels. My 30-mile driving error taught me to use it as a general guide, not for specific highway directions.,The smaller roads twist and turn and don’t always correspond to the geographical features on the tourist map.,Moving northeast toward the village of Sontecomapan, the potholed lane is a jolting experience the first 10 miles.,A careful driver can navigate the road, avoiding the basket-sized scoops. However, the country scenery of giant trees and lush two foot-high pasture grass proved too eye catching.,I slowed down, hit half the potholes, and enjoyed the countryside which beckoned, “Stop and enjoy a picnic.”,The map indicates villages’ dotting the next 40 miles, but the settlements are off the road and unseen. A lone driver is in splendid isolation.,Just when glimpses of the bay show between branches and the road reaches perfection, it’s time to slow to a crawl. Mountain jungle crowds the lane.,Tropical vegetation permeates the air and fills your lungs as you bump over three miles of stone road. A turn left heads into Reserva de la Biosfera de Los Tuxtlas.,Passing the Reserve, the bumping continues for a short distance, and the road becomes smooth again. Dirt roads to the right lead to little beach villages set several hundred yards in from the sand.,The first fishing village I visited was Balzapote, and I had the coast to myself. The wild ocean reminded me more of west coast Mexico than the Caribbean or Gulf shores.,It’s as if God had jammed America’s Great Smoky Mountains against the ocean, 1,500 miles south.,Monte Pio, with perhaps 80 houses, loomed as the closest any settlement came to being a town. Few people frolicked on the three-quarter-mile stretch of beach, and two guys slept off a great fiesta.,The air felt cool with the ocean breeze, but I empathized for them knowing the misery the tropical sun would add to their hangovers.,Leaving the village wild, lush, wind-swept pasture-lands roll off low hills abutting the beaches.,Thankfully there was no traffic, and I eased along even stopping in the road to admire scenery and take pictures.,I pulled off at a beach near Punta Roca Partida, in sight of the lighthouse, for a shrimp lunch. The meal was served in the side yard of the fisherman’s house under the shade of several banana and coconut trees.,A line of small firs separated the small yard from the sandy beach. I struck up a conversation with a couple from San Andres Tuxtla, while their maid and two children enjoyed plates of fish at a table a few feet away.,“Make sure you visit the pirate’s cave hidden over there,” the husband said pointing at a rocky cliff meeting the ocean. “A local fisherman carries people there for a few dollars.”,Because I wasn’t planning to spend the night, I decided to save that adventure for another trip.,While walking the beach at Punta Roca Partida, two thoughts competed. First, I wished I was 30 years younger.,What an opportunity for a young person to purchase a hundred-plus acres of virgin beach land as beautiful as any the big hotel corporation sculptured for tourists.,The second thought was: why ruin this paradise by building or telling anyone where it is? It’ll get discovered eventually.,Hopefully, people will be wise enough to visit now or purchase land in a manner to keep it pristine.,Finishing my meal and saying good-by to the hospitable family, I continued my journey.,Charming beach settlements dotted the coastal blacktop until the road curved south returning to Catemaco. The return route can go through either Santiago Tuxtla or Tres Zapotes. Either choice is a winner.,Tres Zapotes, on the western edge of Los Tuxtlas, is both a town and an archeological site. The first of the 17 known colossal Olmec heads was unearthed in 1862.,A second has since been discovered in the immediate area. Each of the Tres Zapotes basalt heads measures a little less than four-and-one-half feet tall.,The Olmec civilization may date as early as 1500 B.C. and continued until 100 A.D. Olmec traditions at Tres Zapote carried further into the Mayan period than at any other known Olmec settlement.,Perhaps the most important archeological find is Stela C, carved from basalt. On one side are Olmec-style engravings, while the other side boasts the second oldest Mesoamerican Long Count calendar.,Local rumors persist Jesus Christ spent time in the area after he arose from the dead. It sounds like a stretch, but I’ve seen a pottery head that resembles Christ.,One can only wonder what mysteries, secrets and ancient rites are tied into the lifestyle of the region, even today.,Somehow ancient mysteries bubble forth to make Catemaco internationally famous with witches, warlocks and other practitioners of the occult.,Knowing our own Christmas tree and Maypole traditions reach back to prehistoric eras, I hope anthropologists and ethnologists delve into modern village practices to discover what survives from three thousand years past.,Leaving Tres Zapote, the highway skirts both Santiago Tuxtla and the area’s largest city, San Andres Tuxtla, known for its hand-rolled cigars.,Having driven through the maze of streets and marveled at their ancient edifices, both cities warrant a revisit.,However, my time was running short so I headed for the town of Sihuapan, the home of Te-Amo, the most famous Mexican cigar brand to end a perfect day enjoying a deluxe smoke.,I first motorcycled through Los Tuxtlas in 1971 and hurried through many other times to reach another destination.,After finally slowing up to enter the first low mountains of Los Tuxtlas for a true look, I realized this was enchanted rainforest.,On my first visit about 12 years ago, I pulled onto the lakeside in Catemaco for a five minute stop. I ended up staying 17 days before revisiting a second and third time for a week each.,My next seven visits exceeded month-long stops as I re-explored what I’d discovered and sought other delights hidden in the region.,If you visit Mexico and can escape the famous tourist enclaves, you will be well rewarded by Los Tuxtlas.,There are a number of hotels around the region.  The few hotels and cabanas near the beach areas are more typical of an older Mexico, this style and may have a claustrophobic sensation.,There are a few newer hotels being built too.,Santiago Tuxtla & San Andres Tuxtla provide good hotels but the main town for accommodations is Catemaco. Inns range from basic rooms for next to nothing, to five star hotels., I am recommending four I have used and been satisfied with. Do not let my recommendations limit you in your search, especially if you are not on a budget. There are many other fine hotels in Catemaco.,Hotel Los Arcos
(294)-943-0003
Hotel Los Arcos straddles the block between the lake and the central plaza, next to the town market. It is a block up from the lake and two short blocks from the plaza.,Normally costing about forty to fifty dollars a night. The hotel is well-run with an older and more modern side.

La Casa Rosa
(294)-943-0386
La Casa Rosa is located two blocks from the plaza. It is a wonderful B&B run by a German immigrant. Prices often run in the mid-twenties.,Hotel Posaa Konneapan
(294)-943-0063
Posada Konneapan resembles an American beach motel from the 1960s. It is located next to one of the bus stations and is across the street from Laguna Catemaco. Look for costs to be about thirty-five dollars.,Posada Bugambilias
(294)-110-0180
This too is more a B&B than a hotel. The drawback for some is the fact it is located on the edge of town. The cost should be about twenty dollars.,All these places have excellent, friendly owners. They will bend over backward to aid their guests with information to find various locations. Your ability to bargain may get you better rates than listed.,Author Bio: William B. “Bill” Kaliher has traveled Mexico at every opportunity since the 1960s by car, bus, train and motorcycle. He has written for the Mexican Ministry of Tourism. Although known for his Mexican travel articles he’s written for over 600 publications including The World & I, The Pragmatist and Down Memory Lane.  His book, Mexico by Motorcycle: An Adventure Story and Guide, has garnered five star reviews, been covered in several magazines and recommended by expats who have resided in Mexico for years. Perhaps, the top compliment was by a review who wrote, “This reads like a novel.”,The name means “ Fragrant Harbour,” and it probably derives from the scents of flowers that once adorned the hills. Today, there’s lots of traffic.,As we approached touchdown, the heat haze thickened to a brown pall hanging over the city. The shuttle train to Central Station was clean, fast, smooth and quiet. It carried us across reclaimed land, past tree- and shrub-covered hills and suburbs of tall concrete. Thus, in half an hour, Hong Kong established itself as a city of glaring incongruities.,The name means “Fragrant Harbour,” and probably derives from the scents of trees and flowers that once adorned the hills and shores. The flowers are probably still there on the hills, but their scents are now swamped by the fumes of traffic, the seductive smells of cooking and the somewhat repellent odors of live poultry and raw meats in the open markets, all compounded beneath the umbrella of commerce in this most densely populated city on the planet. The incessant noise even penetrated the double windows of our 18th-floor hotel room.,Our window looked out over the marina of the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club and across the water to Kowloon. Though the water was about 160 feet (50 m) away, we found it impossible to reach. This part of the city made few concessions to the pedestrian. Only in streets too narrow for a car to pass could we walk in some comfort.,Hong Kong is a congested maze of high-rise canyons. Shiny, glass-walled banks and multi-story hotels mingle promiscuously with concrete residential blocks, from which the paint and stucco peels and drying clothes hang from balconies. Bamboo scaffolding clings to walls. Narrow passageways are closed into tunnels by jutting air-conditioning units.,Trees along the streets, overhung by shop signs and balconies, seem to survive against the odds. Direct sunlight never reaches the bottoms of these canyons, which are illuminated only by diffuse scatterings of reflected light. And the traffic is intense. Cars, buses and taxis jostle for position on the streets.,Pavements are packed with people in a hurry. And amid it all, the occasional old lady or gentleman in peasant garb shambles past, pushing a loaded wheelbarrow along the roadside, oblivious of the traffic, and looking ancient enough to say, “This is my home, and I was here long before you.”,We took a tram to the ferry terminal. The tram was as congested as the city. Passengers entered at the rear and slowly drifted toward the front, dropping the standard HK $2 fare into a receptacle beside the driver, before exiting. If one accepts the crush, then this is a quick, efficient and very cheap way to travel between Causeway Bay and Hong Kong Central.,In the Central district, hundreds of girls and young women, migrant workers from Indonesia or the Philippines, sat in doorways, thoroughfares, subways, along sidewalks and across roads that were closed to traffic. Many sat on newspapers or blankets.,A large number were eating. Some were dancing. All were chatting incessantly. Most were employed in restaurants or hotels, and this was Sunday, their day off, when they were free to meet with friends and catch up on gossip or share news from home.,Kowloon appeared more spacious and airy, quieter and less relentlessly hectic than Hong Kong. A broad pedestrian precinct surrounded the Cultural Centre, Space Museum and Theatre. On the quayside, an impromptu drum ensemble containing co-opted children and visitors entertained the crowds relaxing on the steps of the Hong Kong Museum of Art.,Several wedding couples and their retinues sought the most photogenic backgrounds against which to record their unforgettable day. The Avenue of Stars, which curved out over the water, recognized the achievements of homegrown celebrities, some of whom had made it to Hollywood.,The next day we returned to HK Central and threaded a course back and forth through the street markets that clogged the narrow passageways linking Des Voeux and Queen’s roads. Here, the congestion became claustrophobic, with merchandise hanging from racks that stretched wall to wall. These were streets of the hard sell, where stallholders, to make a sale, argued prices down to the level of the genuine bargain. Silks, in particular, proved well worth buying.,The tram to Victoria Peak climbed the hillside at a ridiculous angle through dense jungle and past residences perched on impossible slopes. The floors are angled to prevent standing passengers from sliding to the rear of the coaches. At the top is a complex of shops and restaurants, and a water sculpture that brought squeals of glee from children.,Back in the city, our bus was held up for about 20 minutes to allow the passage of a march by protesting migrant workers, not something we expected to see, even in this most capitalistic outpost of Communist China.,Hong Kong is an overwhelming city, and a two-day stopover leaves one with little more than an impression of its character. Yet from two viewpoints, the noises, the smells, the congestion, even the ugliness are transcended. Victoria Peak rises above the skyscrapers that crawl up its sides. From the top, the harbor becomes a millpond, and the ferries and boats that ply their trades with Kowloon and China transform into toy ships.,And as the Star Ferry to Kowloon pulls away from the shore, canyons shrink, peeling stucco vanishes, people disappear and buildings merge into a pattern against a backdrop of wooded hills. Hong Kong then becomes … there is no other word for it … beautiful.,If You Go,Hong Kong Tourism Board,www.discoverhongkong.com, ,From exploring the rainforest to horseback riding in the Ecuadorian “wild west,” this tiny country offers many unexpected experiences.,On that brilliant blue sky morning, there was a great deal of activity in the bustling Plaza San Francisco in Quito, Ecuador.,I watched a small group of raucous men in a corner, apparently recovering from the festivities of the night before, an elderly indigenous woman petting her beloved dog, the requisite shoeshine man hard at work and two women in bowler hats speaking Quechua, the ancient language dating back to the Incas which millions of Ecuadorians still speak.,“May I take your photo,” I asked them in Spanish.,“Claro que sí,” they consented with a big smile. “As long as we can see the results! We don’t have cameras.” They shyly posed and leaned over to see themselves. “Gracias,” they said to me happily.,Dating from the 1500s, the plaza fronts the opulent marble palace-like Casa Gangotena boutique hotel. The ornately decorated San Francisco Church and Convent lines one side of the enormous cobblestone-paved square.,In every direction, at this sunny, crisp early hour, there were moms with their youngsters in tow, scurrying off to school – some while balancing their breakfast plates in hand.,Many people know little about Ecuador. They might not know that chocolate originated in Ecuador, not in Mexico. Or that it boasts 75 volcanoes (62 of them over 12,500 feet,) or that Ecuador is one of the world’s leading producers of roses – and they are magnificent, aromatic specimens, as big as peonies.,Ecuador is also where those fine Panama hats (really named Toquilla hats) come from — they were called Panama hats because the laborers on the canal wore them.,There are many other surprises that await travelers to Ecuador – and some handy ones at that: the U.S. dollar has been the official currency since 1999, and the electrical current is the same as in North America.,In just a few hours from many major airports in the U.S, you can be in a whole different world, or as the Ecuadorean tourism campaign quips, in “FOUR worlds in the middle of Planet Earth.”,It would be a shame to only visit the Galapagos, 600 miles off the coast, thus neglecting mainland Ecuador, as many do. Ecuador has four diverse and unique regions – the Amazon Rainforest, Highland Andes, the Coast and the Galapagos.  ,In 2013, this small country (only about the size of Colorado or England,) won the World Travel Award’s World’s Leading Green Destination and was nominated in four additional categories at the international level.,Few places on earth offer such wide diversity of ethnicities, landscapes, cultural and historical heritage and nature, as well as adventure.,Indeed, this “land of eternal spring” received two of the first UNESCO World Heritage designations in 1978 – the only South American country to do so.,The Ecuadorian Amazon Rainforest makes up 40 percent of the country’s territory and is home to 10 percent of the world’s known species, and is one of the most spectacular biodiversity regions on the planet.,Ecuador has 46 different ecosystems and is home to 62 percent of the total species of South America, including 1,695 bird species and a staggering 4,250 orchid species – with 19 percent of its territory designated protected areas.,Altitude is an issue in Ecuador and it’s essential to plan accordingly. Experienced tour operators know that most folks need some acclimatizing time and cannot go straight from the airport to the highlands.,A good option is a visit to one of several rose plantations near Quito, or to one of several historic haciendas to have a meal or spend the night.,La Jimenita, just 20 minutes from Mariscal Sucre airport (which opened in 2013), is one option.,La Jimenita is a splendid place to pass the time, lovingly restored to its colonial charm, with just 15 beautifully adorned rooms, pretty gardens, nightly guitar music, 18 acres of dense forest with hiking trails and 20+ rare species of hummingbirds.,The Cruz family welcomes all visitors to “your house,” and seems to mean that sincerely. You’ll see your first view of Cotopaxi, the world’s highest active volcano, from its observatory.,Founded in the 1500s, Quito is one of the best-preserved historic centers in the Americas, and is the highest official capital city in the world, at 9,350 feet.,With some 2,600,000 residents, Quito is surrounded by emerald-green mountains with misty cloud banks tucked between them, and on a clear day, the snow-capped Cotopaxi can be seen.,Quito has several world-class luxury hotels, as well as many more modest accommodations, gourmet dining, beautiful plazas and a dizzying number of exquisite churches, colonial-era mansions, and excellent museums.,With its altitude and proximity to the equator, Quito has a year-round cool climate averaging in the ’50s and ’60s. There are two seasons, wet and dry – with the wettest time from October to May, which is true of much of the country.,Many tourists opt to begin their exploration in Quito. This colonial gem was named, along with Krakow, as one of the two first UNESCO World Cultural Heritage Site in 1978.,Others choose to get into the Andes Highlands, or the cloud forest, or the Amazonia region.,Leaving Quito, one passes endless towering eucalyptus trees (an invasive species here,) grazing plump cattle, potato, bean and corn farms – a sea of shades of lush greens with purple mountains looming in the distance, cloud banks nestled between them.,We arrived at the ‘Paramo’ (treeless Andes Highlands plateau) to begin a strenuous hike. Starting from the La Virgen Cruce Cordillera Milestone (13,123 feet,) we headed down winding, muddy trails, very grateful for the knee-high rubber boots we were given.,The landscape was mystical, reminding me somewhat of the moors in western Ireland. Indeed, the vegetation was spongy and very moist, with plants I had never seen before, and huge mist-covered lagoons reflected the sky in every direction.,We spotted three deer grazing between some rocks, and towards the end of the hike, were rewarded by our first view of Cotopaxi, resplendently emerging from the cloud bank with its snow-capped summit.,Thrilled, we then ended up at the biggest reward of all – a night of pampering at the Termas de Papillacta spa and hot springs resort.,What could be more perfect for sore muscles than a cozy, cabin-like room fronting a series of hot springs pools, heated by volcanic waters?,Ecuador’s enormous tropical rainforest region is filled with rivers leading to the Amazon. The upper basin of the Amazon is richly biodiverse in this always hot and wet region, known as “Oriente” by the Ecuadorians. One can arrange visits to small Quechua-speaking communities which welcome guests for tours.,Fantastically lush with dense plants, flowers and animal life, this really felt like the jungle. We saw tarantulas, huge millipedes, frogs, orchids, 40-foot wide trees, Tarzan-type vines, and multicolored birds and yes, the experience was well worth sweating through. Miraculously, no one complained of mosquitoes.,There are many ecolodges and small inns in the jungle regions, but again, it is recommended to use a tour operator for your Ecuador adventure travel.,The so-called Avenue of the Volcanoes in the Andes Highlands was quite magical. We stayed at the El Porvenir Hacienda, owned by a supremely warm, gregarious Ecuadorian couple.,The hacienda has been in the family for 100 years and is beautifully restored and modernized. This working ranch is furnished with charming native handicrafts and plump, cozy chairs and sofas, with delightful bedrooms featuring lovely wrapped hot water bottles in every bed.,Maria and Jorge invite guests to take part in activities such as horseback riding, mountain biking, hiking, a ropes course and even cooking classes – delectable cheese empanadas and more.,We were immersed in the Ecuadorian “wild west,” replete with cattle branding, horseback riding and hearty, succulent meals of fresh-caught river trout with pesto and sirloin steak topped with local huckleberry sauce and toasted red onions.,Riders wear traditional wool striped ponchos and leather chaps, long goat hair and tooling adorning them.,I felt like a local, trotting up the long grasses in the brisk 13,000 feet-high highlands wind, gazing at the pretty ground daisies, crocuses, asters and Andean Indian paintbrush. Cotopaxi peaked at us at times through the clouds – and when it did, everyone shrieked with excitement.,One way to travel between regions in style is with the historic Tren Crucero (tourist train,) which offers several touristic excursions on very comfortable trains with panoramic windows.,The newly-reopened Tren Crucero was named one of the world’s top five journeys by rail by Lonely Planet and also received accolades from the British Guild of Travel Writers, winning the Best Wider World Tourism Award.,On our trip from Bolillo to Machachi, I was charmed by the stream of village locals waving at us – it felt like we were in a parade. The trains are either new or recently refurbished and offer two classes of service, at very reasonable prices.,At our stop, a troupe of Ecuadorian dancers met us to put on a folkloric show – and when we reboarded, we were surprised by fresh fruit kabobs and tropical juices at our tables.,One of the best places to enjoy Ecuador’s renowned bird watching is in the cloud forest. While there are several lesser-priced options in the region, if it’s in your budget, splurge on the Mashpi Lodge, a one-of-a-kind ecotourism property in the middle of nowhere, one of National Geographic’s Unique Lodges of the World.,I was highly impressed by the level of sophistication in the architecture, cuisine and accommodations that this property somehow brings about, flawlessly, many miles from the nearest village, let alone city.,With the only pedaled Sky Bike in the world (like a zipline but much better, soaring 180 feet high) a butterfly pavilion with full educational facilities, guided tours with experienced locals who have known the forest since childhood, waterfalls, rivers, birdwatching platforms – and truly gourmet cuisine to top it all off – Mashpi wins prize after prize. It’s a treasure.,Soft-spoken Jose Napa, one of the original guides, still shows his excitement when he spots birds. Touching my arm lightly, he led me in different directions to see toucans, collared trogans, and broad-billed motmots, watching my face to enjoy MY excitement.,Cuisine in Ecuador ranges from rustic dishes dating from ancient times, such as various soups, including quinoa soup, ‘choclo,’ a potato and cheese soup topped with roasted corn and popcorn, yucca ‘tortillas,’ and ‘maito’ (tilapia or other fish, seasoned with lemon, salt, garlic and onion, wrapped in banana leaves and roasted) to sophisticated restaurants with multi-course meals worthy of New York, Paris or Buenos Aires.,You’ll try new fruits and vegetables, such as ‘tree tomatoes,’ with their delectable taste somehow in between oranges and tomatoes, and taxo, a type of passionfruit. Trout is abundant and delicious in Ecuador – prepared in many ways.,While Ecuador has excellent coffee, there are also many teas that are worth trying, some with medicinal or healing properties. Service is friendly, professional and quick – Ecuadorians expect that.,As I strolled in one of Quito’s many plazas, with just two hours to spare until heading to the airport, a folkloric group of dancers put on an impromptu performance, reveling with swirling skirts and a brass band playing raucously.,Passersby stopped and before long, the performers reached out and grabbed spectators’ arms to join them. Letting loose in a 16th-century plaza with costumed dancers, under the moonlight shimmering on the cobblestones, I understood what they meant by ‘four worlds in one place.’,From cuisine to climate, to vegetation to culture, Ecuador is full of surprises.,Airlines flying to Quito include American, United, LAN Ecuador, Avianca, Copa and various others. Flight time from Fort Lauderdale/Miami to Quito is about 4 hours.,It is highly recommended to travel with a tour operator if venturing out of Quito or other urban areas. Roads are very mountainous and signage is not ideal, even for those fluent in Spanish. A good site for finding tour operators is www.adventuretravel.biz.,Since Ecuador lies on the equator, it has no seasons. However, June, July and August are the driest months of the year, affording the best visibility of volcanoes – but they are also the windiest months. Sunrise is around 6 a.m. and sunset is around 6 p.m., year-round.,Casa Gangotena, Quito: www.casagangotena.com,Hacienda Porvenir, Cotopaxi area: www.english.tierradelvolcan.com/english/hacienda/el-porvenir/descripcion,Mashpi Lodge, Mashpi: www.mashpilodge.com,Author bio: Irene Middleman Thomas is a Colorado-based writer for a variety of local, national and international publications and websites. She will never forget Joseph and the mango-stealing monkey. www.irenethomas.com,Flower lovers and nature seekers rejoice at Sydney’s truly breath-taking gardens. Here are the best garden experiences in Sydney, Australia.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Sydney is a sparkling city of many hues, packed neatly in layers of well-preserved history and fascinating geography that revolves around its beautiful harbour.,This cosmopolitan city will immerse you in its radiant vibes – without doubt, there is much to see here for all age groups – there are galleries packed with art that celebrate its multiple cultures, restaurants offering world class food and wines, a plethora of museums that preserve opalized dinosaur fossils to stark reminders of the colony’s convict past, and zoos packed with its marsupial fauna found nowhere else on earth.,And there’s more – in particular if you are a flower lover, this green city has gorgeous gardens, some openly displayed in its best touristy thoroughfares, and a few very carefully ensconced in hidden folds of the city, regarded as best-kept local secrets.,Read on to discover the best gardens in Sydney to cater to your anthophilia the next time you land in the Emerald City.,Nourished right in the heart of Sydney, you will find it hard to miss the Royal Botanic Garden – its main entrance lies at a stone’s throw’s distance from the Opera House, ensuring not just a good lesson in botany but enviable and indelible Instagrams of Sydney’s twin wonders – the Opera House and the Harbour Bridge in the background.,Established in 1816, it is the oldest botanical garden – and scientific institution – in the country, and is currently listed in the state heritage register.,But there is more to its origins than being a garden – it was here in 1788 that the first settlers from Britain established their earliest farm with hopes of cultivation to support a large colony.,Though it failed (and farming efforts moved elsewhere including Parramatta – we will come there later), in later years Governor Lachlan Macquarie saw the land’s potential in supporting botanical research and established the garden formally in the early 19th century.,Thereby, the Garden held multiple distinctions – it was the birthplace of the Australian wine industry with vine cuttings planted here from all over Europe; it was also the site of Australia’s first zoo (the precursor to Taronga).,Today the Garden includes over 30,000 plants and trees from across 75 countries and receives over 5 million visitors annually. A walk along the waters admiring different angles of the Opera House is not negotiable while pilgriming all the way to Lady Macquarie’s chair is also a must-do.,Convicts had carved a seat here for the Governor Macquarie’s wife who would apparently stand here, waiting for ships – and news – from home wistfully.,Also, don’t forget to look out for the world’s rarest plant – the Wollemi Pine, also called the dinosaur tree, for representing the only extant species of an ancient genus that existed when dinosaurs roamed the planet.,A living fossil, once this pine tree and its cousins thrived in a wetter and greener Australia – today less than a hundred trees exist in the wild and the spot of its discovery, 150 km northwest of Sydney is still kept a secret, with an entire National Park – the Wollemi Pine National Park – set up to protect the species.,The Royal Botanic Garden has played an important role in the tree’s preservation by cloning the species, stocking its seeds and setting up insurance stocks worldwide. What else?,The Garden is close to the historical heart of Sydney called the Domain – walk around the streets, admire the juxtaposition of old and new, have a pint at Sydney’s oldest pub (The Fortune of War), visit the Art Gallery of NSW or the Museum of Contemporary Art.,Then have a hearty meal with world class views of the Sydney harbour.,The success of the Royal Botanic Garden led to the establishment of two more sister gardens managed by the same trust – the Blue Mountains Botanic Garden (or Mt. Tomah Botanic Garden) set up to preserve cool-climate species that would not thrive in Sydney’s warmer climes, and another one at Mt. Annan – Australia’s largest botanic garden, but specializing in indigenous plants.,The Blue Mountains Botanic Garden was established in 1972 and is located 100 km west of Sydney in the UNESCO World Heritage listed Blue Mountains area. The journey itself is half the fun and takes one through the scenic Bells Line of Road, one of only two crossings across the Blue Mountains.,You can visit the historic towns of Windsor and Richmond, and go fruit picking at the orchard town of Bilpin while marvelling at breathtaking views all over the steep scenic highway.,Come autumn, private gardens on this road at Mt. Wilson and Mt. Irvine (along with Mt. Tomah) throb with tourists who seek to revel in the autumn colours at their very best.,Come spring, and there are flower festivals at the Botanic Garden itself – there are often special exhibitions of the resplendent waratah flowers (the state flower) which is a treat in itself.,Besides, there are plenty of peaceful walks all around the garden – with stunning panoramas, and thousands of blooms, helping you connect with nature and therein yourself, and in the process, perhaps discovering your ikigai.,Sydney’s harbour teems with short and beautiful walks that urge one to go and grace the outdoors. One of the most evocative of these is around Cremorne Point (one can catch a scenic ferry from Circular Quay to Cremorne Point).,While the short walk around the wharf is a lesser know attraction by itself, the nearby Lex and Ruby Graham Garden further add to the charms of this walk.,The story of how this magical garden started is a local inspiration – way back in 1959, local resident Lex Graham went for an early morning swim and discovered the bulb of an elephant ear in the waters.,He planted the bulb in the slopes of the future garden to be, which in those days were covered with weeds and trash. But the bulb blossomed, signaling Lex to continue greening the slopes.,Together with his partner Ruby and other local friends, Lex planted hundreds of saplings and almost anything he could find, letting the land do its magic.,And magic it did, over the slow course of time – for today the Garden, spread over a hectare, is filled with densely growing flowering plants, ferns and shrubs, and its narrow winding path leading downwards to the harbour waters and a rock pool will remind you of going down a magical rabbit hole of your own, right here in Sydney.,Once enchanted with this oasis, you can continue with your walk around Cremorne Point, past the antiquated Maccallum pool dating back from the 1920s, and keep staring at those gorgeous views of the Opera House across the harbour.,What else? You can take the ferry to its next stop and disembark at Taronga Zoo, Sydney’s largest and oldest; if you love your Enid Blytons and Pamela Travers, head over to Nutcote, home and now a museum of legendary Australian children’s writer and illustrator, May Gibbs, most renowned for her Gumnut babies, cute creatures of the Australian bush.,Not far from Cremorne, just across the Harbour Bridge near the famous Luna Park lies yet another story of conservation and creation – Wendy’s Secret Garden.,Back in the 1990s, Wendy Whitely, suffering from personal grief, decided to clean the area close to her house, that was overrun with weeds.,Little by little, over decades, her efforts conquered the land, along with millions of local Sydneysiders’ hearts, as she was able to create a veritable oasis of peace and nirvana right in the middle of the city.,Strewn with artwork from other local artists, Wendy’s Secret Garden will urge you to walk along the harbour waters in Lavender Bay and admire the unique mix of tranquillity – letting you almost hear the earth breathe – and the sense of hustle that trickles in from the nearby rambunctious Luna Park, Sydney’s most iconic theme park.,Take a coffee, stroll by the waters, feel the harbour wind in your hair, take a deep breathe under a gigantic Moreton Bay Fig tree and ask these magical lands yet again: ‘Tell me how does your garden grow?’,In Sydney’s inner west lies the Auburn Botanical Garden, which was established in the late 1970s and is a great place for nature lovers.,It houses a fecund Scented Garden and a gorgeous Rose Garden but is most renowned for its Zen-filled Japanese Garden, replete with turquoise blue lakes teeming with shimmering orange Koi, a typical red, arched, Japanese hashi bridge and the star attraction – Sakura orcherry blossoms.,Come spring, these gardens thrive with cherry blossoms that attract all of Sydney to come and partake in the Cherry Blossom festival and the Japanese tradition of hanami (or viewing of the blossoms).,The garden gets sheathed in soft pink and pastel white hues of flowers that seem to blossom everywhere and is a marvel to gaze at. And then, there are the magnolias and the azaleas for additional company.,Flora aside, the garden also houses a small faunal reserve that was set up in consultation with Taronga Zoo and houses kangaroos, albino wallabies, emus, bettongs and wombats that make it a sought-after attraction all year round.,What else? Not far from the Auburn Botanical Garden lies the suburb of Sydney Olympic Park – where the Millennium Olympics were hosted in Sydney.,Today, the suburb is an eclectic mix of shiny high-rises and artistic cafes that blend very subtly with large green reserves, and amazing walks along the Parramatta River nearby.,The second European establishment in Australia, Parramatta, is rich in history and has today unified within Sydney as another suburb.,Back in the early days of the colony, this was where the first governor Arthur Phillip decided to focus on agriculture after farming failed near the Sydney Harbour. In later years, the governors decided to shift their office from the harbour area which was increasingly getting squalid and impacted by crime.,Today, the Governor’s House in the Park is a UNESCO World Heritage Site while numerous walks and gardens further add to its beauty, explaining why it offers a leafy lifeline to the otherwise busy thoroughfares of perky Parramatta.,But coming back to the topic of gardens, the Park houses the charming Rumsey Rose Garden which is home to one of the largest collections of heritage roses in Australia.,During early spring, the heady smell of rose-nectar intoxicates the garden, while late spring sees a cornucopia of purple jacarandas that explodes in the trees nearby.,A walk through the Park along the Parramatta River is a charming experience, with boulevards of jacaranda creating unforgettably purple archways (don’t forget to look out for trees full of flying foxes!),At the other end of the Park, the wisteria gardens create a fairy-tale finish to your exploration in the Park. Pillars of wisteria, sprayed in multiple colours, along with the soft tones of apple and cherry blossoms create yet another fairy-tale setting where one can spend a single evening clicking terabytes of multi-coloured memory.,What else? Parramatta is also a foodie’s paradise with plenty of ritzy restaurants, cosy cafes and perky pubs scattered around heritage buildings, gardens, river walks and stadiums. Keep exploring to discover the many colours of Parramatta!,There are many more gardens to add to this list, each a first among equals – the Garden of Many Nations in Dural, the Roxborough Park Rose Garden in Baulkham Hills, the Paddington Reservoir Garden, and the gardens in Western Sydney Parklands are some of many more blossoms in this bouquet.,Sydney is a jewel box laden with scintillating gems. Though smaller in size compared to other world-class cities, it has wonders in every corner, and a bunch of friendly people, always ready to stop by for a chat and a bit of local knowledge that cannot be found in the best guidebooks.,For nature lovers – and seekers of flower power – there’s plenty of refuge wherever you go, allowing you to indulge in a fair bit of ‘Shinrin-Yoku’ or therapeutic forest-bathing, all the while letting you smell the flowers and marvel at their colours, right in the middle of the city,Author Bio: Ayan A. Read more about Sydney and my travels at www.vagabonds-trail.com,Explore a Christmas day visit to the Basilica of the Virgin of Guadalupe in Mexico City, one of the most revered Catholic site in the world.,For the past 500 years, few months have passed in Mexico without a festival to honor a Catholic Saint or event. Loud booms of cajote fireworks explode into the sky to announce each religious celebration including the winter celebrations for the Feast of Guadalupe in honor of the Virgin of Guadalupe. ,But this year, 2020, Mexico’s sacred traditions have gone silent, the masses have worshipped in solitude, and depictions of their faith have faded into the air among the droplets of an unseen virus. ,Plazas where throngs of the Church’s faithful used to gather remain empty. Who among those who understand Mexican culture could fathom Day of the Dead or the Passion Play re-enactment canceled? No religious observation will be more sorely missed than the December celebrations of Our Lady, the Virgin of Guadalupe.,To break this silence and fill the void, come with me to Mexico’s holiest shrine, the Basilica of the Virgin of Guadalupe, located in the Tepeyas Hill neighborhood in northern Mexico City to witness this country’s love affair with the Virgin. Let’s revisit this pre-COVID-19 event, when I traveled there to spend a past Christmas Day.,Standing on the stone steps at the entrance to the magnificent plaza, called La Villa, I gazed at the throngs descending on this place. Some pushed baby strollers cradling precious children, others escorted elderly parents in wheelchairs; some struggled with disabilities, others moved easily through the crowd- but all flooded up the avenue. ,It was Christmas Day and thousands of pilgrims, including myself prepared to spend this special time with the Virgin of Guadalupe. Stoic emotions painted their faces, as faithful souls came to pray to the Patron Saint of Mexico, their protectorate. For centuries, ‘She’ has been a comfort for Mexican Catholics, converts and even non-believers, curious about her miracle.,Tokens designed to enhance the spiritual interaction for each individual abounded. Many women clutched wooden or ceramic replicas of Our Lady of Guadalupe, men carried three-foot statuettes of the Virgin’s likeness, swathed in palm branches and surrounded with roses; children wore medallions of the Virgin hanging close to their hearts; teenagers, held trendy battery-operated blinking icons, with the golden aura surrounding her image flashing in neon. ,Young and old proudly donned t-shirts that projected an artist’s reproduction. I felt naked, I came unadorned. I hadn’t anticipated the intense display of passion that resembled a political rally.,The fervor generated for this image of Virgin Mary surpassed any religious pilgrimage I had ever witnessed, including a visit to Portugal’s Fatima on Easter Sunday. Here in Mexico, the Virgin of Guadalupe holds special meaning to her people, whose strong indigenous backgrounds tether them to the miracle that took place in December 1531. ,It is impossible to understand Mexico and its 95% Catholic culture without comprehending the national devotion and eternal affection of its people for Our Lady of Guadalupe. As an expatriate and life-long Protestant, but permanent Mexican resident, even I sensed a connection to Mexico’s sacred Lady. No one can live here and escape her pull. I felt compelled to travel to Mexico City to witness ‘Her’ most spectacular commemoration.  ,The magic of being at this country’s holiest shrine, the Basilica, and the world’s second-most important Catholic site, surpassed only by the Vatican, to witness this love affair with the Virgin, made me quiver.,The story behind the image has been repeated millions of times. On December 9, 1531, Juan Diego Cuauhtlatoatzen, an Aztec-convert to Catholicism, witnessed an apparition that he believed to be the Virgin Mary, in the hills surrounding Mexico City. ,The vision manifested completely different physical characteristics than icons recognized by the Catholic Church. She was dressed in a blue-green mantle, the color reserved for the Aztec divine couple Ometecuhtli and Omecuhua. ,Radiating spokes of light framing her image represented the maguey cactus spines which the Aztecs used to make pulque, the drink known as ‘milk of the virgin;’ her belt style was considered an indigenous sign of pregnancy; she spoke to Juan Diego in Nahuatl, his native language and her skin beamed an olive hue, not white like the European images of ‘Mary.’ ,She asked Juan Diego to report his revelation to the Bishop and to request that a shrine in her honor be built on this spot. Archbishop Fray de Zumárraga required proof of the Virgin’s appearance. On December 12th, the Virgin again appeared to Juan Diego. ,The date coincided with the Feast of Immaculate Conception, the most sacred event in the Holy Calendar of Mexican Catholics. Following ‘Her’ instructions, Juan cut a huge bouquet of Castilian roses he found growing in the hills, he filled his apron-like cloak or tilma with these long-stemmed red beauties which were not native to Mexico and would never bloom in Mexico City’s winter climate. He carried the miracle flowers to the Archbishop. ,When Juan unfurled his apron to lay the roses at the Father’s feet, the image of the Virgin of Guadalupe, framed in gold, was miraculously emblazoned in the agave threads of his cloak. Archbishop Zumárraga authorized the immediate construction of a shrine at the very site that the Virgin had appeared to Juan Diego and ordered that the Virgin’s image preserved in the material of his tilma be protected forever and hung in the shrine as a symbol of ‘Her’ miracle. ,Initially, Catholic Church officials questioned the wisdom of allowing the indigenous population to revere the image, but the Dominicans argued that the Aztecs’ veneration of the Virgin of Guadalupe provided a lure to conversion. ,This image of the Virgin Mary that physically resembled the indigenous cultures of Mexico would finally bring meaning to the new converts to Catholicism. To them, ‘She’ became the first Mestizo, the first true Mexican who joined Old World Spain and New World reality.,Almost 500 years later, I found myself inside the New Basilica sandwiched among the faithful in the standing-room only crowd.  We all shuffled along on an electric people-mover, passing by that same image of the Virgin of Guadalupe that had miraculously appeared on Juan Diego’s cloak. ,I felt confused as I gazed with wonder, and wanted to believe its authenticity. Encased behind bullet proof glass with an enormous Mexican flag draped beneath the still vibrant-colored image, the Virgin’s position in the completely round Basilica with a capacity of 50,000 provided a view from any point in the entire building. ,The awe, the reverence, the hope that this piece of emblazoned cloth evoked seemed as powerful as a Shroud of Turin for the Americas.,This newest shrine to house the image of Juan Diego’s coat was designed by Mexican architect Pedro Ramírez Vasquez, who also built the National Museum of Anthropology. Construction began in 1974, with dedication on Oct. 12, 1976.,The New Basilica comprises only one of the cornerstones of the complex, which has, until 2020, seen uninterrupted pilgrimages to this site since the miracle on December 12th, 1531. ,The major structures, bordered by beautiful gardens commemorating Juan Diego’s interaction with the Virgin include: the Indian’s Chapel showing remains of a 16th Century partially exposed foundation of the exact spot where the apparition appeared to Juan Diego; the Capilla del Cerrito, the original chapel; the Capuchin Nun’s Temple and Convent, the Pocito Chapel; the Old Basilica, called Templo Expetoria de Cristo Rey, under construction from 1531 until 1709 and a museum of relics and period paintings. ,At the top of Tepeyac Hill, stands St. Michael’s Chapel, built by a local family in the 16th Century, where the Virgin’s image hung during construction of the Templo Expetoria.,As I left the sacred crunch of devout worshippers inside the New Basilica, I followed the throngs headed up the hill to St. Michael’s Chapel. Pilgrims clogged the way, as hundreds of steps needed to be mounted toward the top. For some, this was not just a tough climb, but a ‘stairway to redemption.’ I watched an elderly gentleman, his face withered from hard times, taking each painstaking riser on his knees. He shrugged off assistance or intervention, with devout penance. ,A bright sun warmed us, as much as the exertion. At several landings, the atmosphere took on a carnival feel. Concession stands selling water and refreshments, trinkets, postcards stands and food vendors offered enjoyable stops along the way. Finally, I reached the pinnacle of the mountain. The view of the sprawling complex below revealed a crowd that had swelled, overflowing through the portal gates during my ascent.,Wise organizers of the site constructed a separate set of stairs down. We meandered through the lovely gardens, stopping to take-in the sculptured depiction of Juan Diego revealing his cloak and the Virgin’s image to the Archbishop. Back at ground zero, we entered the Old Basilica, which housed the image from 1709 until 1974. ,This massive cathedral with its church spires and bell towers appeared to be leaning, drastically. As I walked inside the Basilica, I felt as though I was standing on a slant, a feeling of sliding backward and seasick nausea when a ship goes a-tilting. ,Mexico City was built on a series of filled-in lakes 500 years ago. Over time, this gorgeous structure, along with many other period buildings, have slowly sunk beneath the surface. A huge crevice, roped off from onlookers revealed a six-foot disparity.  ,The same queasiness of imbalance returned when I toured the museum, with pictures hanging askew. This tilting seemed to me to be a sign from the Virgin that our lives and our ways have gone awry and need straightening, and without correction, we may all fall into an abyss.,Throughout the centuries, several events have served to cement the Mexican people’s faith in ‘Her.’ In 1921, a disgruntled parishioner set off a bomb inside the Old Basilica, causing significant damage to the altar and its gold scepters. ,The image of the Virgin of Guadalupe remained completely unscathed. In 1791 after an accidental ammonia spill onto the tilma’s canvas, the image apparently repaired itself without external help.,Known as the Queen of the Patriots and declared the Patroness Saint of Mexico by the Church in 1737, the Virgin’s image has been a symbol of national unity in the 19th and 20th centuries. ,Both Miguel Hidalgo in the 1810 War of Independence from Spain and Emiliano Zapata in the Mexican Revolution of 1910 led their armies with the Guadeloupean flag. After exhaustive scientific studies of the cloak itself, whose colors remain vibrant after 500 years of exposure, no visible brush strokes or under-drawings were evident. ,After a formal church investigation of Juan Diego, the Church declared both the image and Juan Diego venerable.,On May 6, 1990, Pope John Paul II beatified Juan Diego during mass at the New Basilica, and in 1999, he proclaimed the Virgin of Guadalupe to be the Patroness of the Americas, the Empress of Latin America and the Protectress of Unborn Children. Finally, on July 31, 2002 before a crowd of 12 million people at La Villa, Pope John Paul II canonized Juan Diego. ,The miracle of the Virgin of Guadalupe was complete. The Mexican people’s faith and love in ‘Her’ grows stronger with each generation. ,Carlos Fuentes, noted Mexican novelist said, ‘You cannot truly be considered Mexican unless you believe in the Virgin of Guadalupe.’ Mexican Nobel Prize Laureate for Literature, Octavio Paz wrote in 1974, ‘Mexican people, after more than two centuries of experiments, have faith in only two things: The Virgin of Guadalupe and the National Lottery.’,When safe travel resumes, if you plan a trip to Mexico City, place a visit to the Basilica of the Virgin of Guadalupe at the top of ‘must-dos.’,Learn more before you go with this travel guide to Mexico City, The Monocle Travel Guide to Mexico City by Monocle. Available on Amazon here.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric field work in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,Scratch beneath the daunting surface and you’ll find that “Lucky Arabia” is a rewarding destination.,There are travel guides out there who describe Yemen as safer than where you come from. Perhaps it is because this country at the southern tip of the Arabian Peninsula has had none of its formerly famous kidnappings since 9/11. When terrorism swept the world in 2001, it apparently left Yemen. Now European and Japanese tourists are flocking to ancient Arabia Felix (Lucky Arabia), Yemen’s name in antiquity when Solomon and the Queen of Sheba ruled the world and Yemen’s incredible desert palaces and hilltop towns began sprouting up.,Yemen (population 20 million) is eye candy where tourists snap photos with abandon. Start your visit in the capital of Sana’a — its Old City with gingerbread-like condos liberally sprinkled with fancy white frosting in intricate patterns. On the edge of Sana’a, 9 miles (15 km) outside of town in Wadi Dhar sits an ancient castle stacked high on a red rock skyscraper. Dar al-Hajar is the most popular symbol of Yemen seen on posters and in magazines.,Don’t miss Thula and the old Turkish fortresses built high on the mountains 37 miles (60 km) northwest of Sana’a. Thula is a charming pre-Islamic town with tower houses and aqueducts and cisterns.,Make sure to visit tiny mesa-topped Kawkaban, a miniature town propped high above the 16th century city of Shibam. Kawkaban, with its primordial cave homes, sits on a sheer cliff 1,100 feet (350 m) straight above Shibam and was built to protect it.,The World Heritage Site of Shibam is located 30 miles (48 km) west of Sana’a. Shibam is nicknamed the “Manhattan of the Desert” because of its impressive tower-like structures that rise straight out of the cliffs. Surrounded by a fortified wall, Shibam is regarded as one of the oldest and best examples of vertical urban planning.,Al Hajjarah, 74 miles (120 km) northwest of Sana’a and high on a mountaintop, is a charming postcard town, fortified with lots of dry stone construction. From there, the ancient town of Old Ibb (124 miles or 200 km south of Sana’a) spreads over a precipitously craggy mountain. See the stunning mosques of Jiblah (3 miles or 5 km southwest of Ibb) and marvel at the view from high on the mountain over Ta’izz (39 miles or 64 km south of Ibb). The white powder beaches of the Red Sea are another big draw. Yemen is tourist excitement central.,Another interesting thing about Yemen is the fact that at first it doesn’t look so safe. My initial impression was that everyone wore a wicked-looking dagger, either pea green or yellow. These scary items are usually stuck in a golden belt worn over white djellabahs (long, loose hooded garments with full sleeves) and underneath turban tablecloths seemingly pinched from Italian restaurants. After the initial shock of a populace armed to the teeth wore off, I realized the daggers were all ceremonial. During my weeks in Yemen I only saw daggers unsheathed twice: the first time at the traditional Yemen dance exhibition where the men sashay arm-in-arm while brandishing their daggers like candles. The second time I saw them unsheathed was when the driver of an 18-wheeler cut another one off and they zoomed down the highway waving daggers at each other while fiercely scowling over bristly mustaches; far more comical than the .347 Magnums wielded in road rage where I come from.,Eastern Yemen takes a little more getting used to. There you learn the lessons of the desert. The first is to always give a man a ride who is hitchhiking with a Kalashnikov. The residents of eastern Yemen all tote Kalashnikovs, trusty Russian machine guns that make a de rigueur fashion statement on the road to Mareb. The wild, wild east looks like a lawless part of Yemen at first. But not a single shot was fired during my journey to the east. Many of those carrying Kalashnikovs looked suspiciously like mustachioed Woody Allens in slightly soiled lavender dresses, hardly formidable. However, I also learned the second rule of the desert. Always ask first before taking a photo of a guy with a Kalashnikov. Whew. Heart be still.,Security is tight in Yemen, with military roadblocks outside many towns. At one point near Mareb, there were three in three miles (5 km). My strategy for safety was telling everyone that I was not American, but Canadian. Sweet, safe Canada which has never invaded another country in its entire history. We’d roll up to a roadblock with my driver — hiring a car and driver is the best way to get around — shouting, “Kennedy, Kennedy,” as he handed over a copy of my tourist travel authorization. I’d do a double-take, thinking my cover was being compromised by reference to the late U.S. president. Arabic-accented English takes getting used to, even if they’re only saying something as innocuous as Canada.,More dangerous than the ever-present military with their Kalashnikovs and a populace with daggers, is Yemeni multitasking. I’d cower in the back seat of the Land Cruiser I hired, while my driver passed on blind curves above sheer cliffs, dipped into his plastic bag to chew narcotic Qat(pronounced ‘kot’), puffed on a cigarette and chatted on a cell phone simultaneously as we were serenaded by an Arabic music tape on full blast. I learned to prefer Kalashnikovs and daggers.,My driver carefully explained that multitasking is no big deal. “Qat makes me strong,” he said.,Qat (also known as khat) is the drug of choice for all Yemeni males, from cops directing traffic to the military at checkpoints to every man on the street. The stimulant-containing leaves of the shrubby evergreen Qat bush, or Catha edulis, look like shrunken basil leaves and are sold literally everywhere, in bundles or still fresh on the branch, in every town on every block. Starting about noon, everyone is in the market for buying, inspecting, sampling and literally stuffing their faces with Qat leaves for hours until the wad in the cheek is the size of a softball or grapefruit, pouched out like four-inch mumps.,So I had to try Qat. After the first time, I said never again. But I finally tried it twice, mainly because it’s the principal hobby of Yemen’s entire population. Qat is nasty stuff, like chewing hay. It takes hours of pinching the stimulating leaves off of stems, stuffing them in the mouth, chomping them to soup while desperately trying to form a wad of green goopy fluorescent mash that sticks to the inside of cheeks, lips and gums, while oozing out the mouth in an unseemly grasshopper-like drool. Qat didn’t do a thing for me unless you count exasperation.,Then I ran into a fellow ex-pat who was in the middle of a considerable Qat cud and asked him about it. He said, “You have to chew it six or seven times to get anything out of it.”,I just looked at him because that adds up to 18 or 20 hours of chomping hay. I said, “That’s an awful lot of work,” but he was too busy chomping, happily flashing a sloppy green grin.,I never saw women chewing Qat, but then, except for European tourists, I never saw women during my weeks in Yemen. I did see hidden souls covered from tip to toe in flowing black dresses floating down the streets. I’m told they go Qat-less, but exude their own sweet spice.,Home sweet Yemen. Safer than staying home. After chewing an entire Qat bush about the sixth or seventh try, you may never want to leave.,If You Go,For a tour guide agency in Sana’a, hook up with Abdul al Fatah Alrefue, + 967-1-287270, MOB 00967-73756155, email Abd149_22@hotmail.com or Abd149_22@yahoo.com and for a super deal say I sent you. Abdul’s prices are approximately 70 percent less than that of other tour companies (of which there are dozens) and his service is superb. However, all Yemeni drivers can be iffy. Abdul will find you a topnotch hotel with a normal rack rate of US$ 50 for US$ 16 and will customize any tour from one to 24 days. The Arabia Felix is a quaint old hotel worth checking out at the edge of Old Town Sana’a and costs US$ 22 per night, double. All hotels include a breakfast buffet. Yemeni food is uniformly tasty and inexpensive, from miniature baguettes to roast chicken with salsa.,Yemen Tourism Promotion Board,www.yementourism.com,Brilliant colors, spices, wildlife and music makeup the extraordinary beauty of Kenya. Here is a guide to what to see and do on your trip.,Kenya is a multiethnic and multiracial country. Its roots dig deep into the colonial era when it was colonized by the British in the 19th century. The British government founded the East African Protectorate in 1895 and Kenya was declared a British colony in 1920. Some 22 years later, members of the Kikuyu, Embu, Meru and Kamba tribes took an oath of unity and secrecy to fight for freedom from British rule. ,The Mau Mau Movement (made up of both men and women) began with that oath and Kenya embarked on its long, hard road to national sovereignty. The Mau Mau rebellion against British colonial rule led to a state of emergency from 1952 to 1959. Thousands of Kenyans were incarcerated in detention camps. ,During this period, African participation in political matters increased rapidly, and in 1954 all three races (African, Asian and European) were admitted to the legislative council. Later, in December 1963, Kenya gained independence from the British and became a republic, with Jomo Kenyatta as its first president. ,Nairobi is the capital of Kenya and the biggest city in Kenya. The name Nairobi is originally a Masaai phrase, “Enkare Nairobi,” which means “cool waters” and refers to a river in Nairobi that flows through the city. ,Kenya is known for championing the Olympics and being one of the best tourist destinations, as well. The following is information to help you explore the country. ,Book your stay in Nairobi here.,Kenya is a culturally diverse nation, with 44 different and unique tribes. These tribes have different languages, cultures, traditional songs, food and communities. ,Kenya has a variety of food. The staple meal is ugali, ground maize that is made into flour. Its cooking process includes boiling hot water, then pouring the flour and stirring it until it gets a firm consistency. It is usually eaten with traditional vegetables, and beef or fish of choice as its accompaniment. ,Tourists seem to thoroughly enjoy ugali with nyama choma (barbecue) and beer. Every tribe in Kenya has its own special food. A favorite meal for the Luo community consists of ugali, silver cyprinid fish (locally referred to as omena) and vegetables. ,The Kenyan food culture also involves a lot of street food, usually cooked by the roadside during evening hours to attract the vast majority heading home after their work or school hours. ,One favorite delicacy enjoyed locally is mtura, which is loosely translated as Kenyan blood sausage, made from the clotted blood of an animal. The cooking procedure is exactly like the process used in making a barbecue. It is then sprinkled with salt and sold with a side of tomato and onion salad also called kachumbari in Swahili. Most people prefer to eat it right there by the roadside, believing that it is more delicious eating it where it is sold rather than carrying it home. Its price is under a dollar. ,Every tribe in Kenya has its own unique attire that represents its communities, beliefs, and social and marital status. One popular attire is that of the Maasai. ,It has been featured on runways and red carpets as a fashion statement in the western nations. The most recognizable piece of the Maasai ensemble is the Maasai shuka, a shawl-like piece of cloth worn or wrapped around the body.,The women’s ensemble consists of colorful handmade beaded accessories that are perfectly layered on the women’s necks and heads. The accessories, however, represent different things. ,Social and marital status determine the kind of jewelry they wear in terms of shapes and colors.,Red symbolizes blood (cattle blood), which they drink mixed with cattle milk. They also believe in giving this drink to the unwell because it helps boost the immune system. It is also drunk in times of celebrations, rituals and local festivals. ,Blue represents the sky that provides rain. Green represents the land that provides vegetation for both the people and their cattle. The Maasais treasure their cattle; it is their wealth. The more cattle a Maasai has, the wealthier he is considered to be. Barter trade is also still a key factor in Maasai land. ,Orange represents hospitality and friendship. Yellow is symbolic of growth and fertility. Black represents the people. ,Kenya has a diverse range of music genres, each with its own target audience, from mugithi that is appreciated by the Kikuyu community to taraab music that is enjoyed by the Swahili community. ,Kenyan music keeps metamorphosing, with the sound changing from generation to generation. Some of the music genres listened to are Afro-fusion, benga, hip hop, reggae and gengetone, which is largely consumed by the younger generation of millennials and centennials. ,Some of the musicians Kenya boasts of include award-winning boy band Sauti Sol. Muthoni the drummer Queen, Stella Mwangi alias STL, Nyashinski, Eric,Wainaina, Suzanna Owiyo, Victoria Kimani, Juakali, among many other notable musicians. Photo source; Sauti Sol. ,After agriculture, tourism is one of the economical hearts of Kenya. CNN travel ranked Kenya as one of the best African countries to visit for a vacation in 2020. ,Kenya was also featured in CNN’s “30 of Africa’s most amazing places to visit,” https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/africa-amazing-places/index.html. ,Some of the top-rated tourist sites in Kenya are: ,Located in Narok County, Kenya, Maasai Mara is one of the world’s most magnificent national game reserves. It is named after the Maasai people who live and herd in and around the park. ,The park is famously known for the great wildebeest and zebra migrations around the months of July – October, during which the animals cross the Mara River. If you are an animal lover, the Mara is definitely a destination to note on your bucket list. ,Another great sight would be the Thomson’s gazelles that travel from the Serengeti in Tanzania through the months of July-October and usually migrate with the millions of wildebeests. Other amazing wildlife here are lions, cheetahs and leopards. ,Game drives – There is no better way to enjoy and experience the fullness of the Mara than going on a drive. And if you are lucky, you may see a hunt going down. ,Nature walks – Tour guides will walk with you and show you around. You will learn about the environment and see some of the less-dangerous animals up close. And if you are bold enough, you can take photos a few feet from them.,Date night – Maasai Mara is one of the most romantic places to have a date – and maybe even propose to your better half. There are beautiful setups outside on the reserve looking at the sunset or by the river, listening to the sound of water. ,If you are a nature lover, this is definitely the place for you. ,Book your trip to Masaai Mara here.,Amboseli takes the crown as the second-most-popular national park in Kenya. The name is derived from a Maasai word meaning salty dust. This is because of the parched conditions that can be seen there. This is where you will find large herds of elephants, as well as big cats, giraffes, impala and waterbuck. ,Sightseeing – Amboseli has one of the best views of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania. Amboseli has a lot of beautiful landscapes, so you definitely will want to carry your camera with you.,Visit the Maasai community – Amboseli is home to thousands of Maasai. You can learn about their culture and language, and shop for handcrafted souvenirs. It is a fun place to experience firsthand who the Maasai are, what they do, and some of their songs and dances.,Visit the elephant research camp – This research project was established in 1972 By Harvey Croze and Cynthia Moss. They actively gather data on the African elephant. ,Mombasa – Mombasa is Kenya’s second-largest city after Nairobi. Mombasa is a cosmopolitan hub for tourists, known for its white beaches and historical sites. It is also home to the largest seaport in East Africa. Some activities to do in Mombasa include:,Tour Fort Jesus – This historic site is located on the island of Mombasa County and was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.  It was built in the shape of a man when viewed from above by the Portuguese in 1593. ,It was originally built as a garrison for the Portuguese Army but it later was changed to a tourist attraction with a museum inside. ,Book your trip to Amboseli here.,Author Bio: Nourah Ocholla is a Kenya based freelance Food and Travel Writer. Popularly known for her food blog that teaches people how to make scrumptious and healthy meals on a low budget. When she is not cooking, she is usually reading a good book and watching documentary films.,Nice article.,Psyche yourself up for the adventure of a lifetime as one traveler tells of his summit to the famed Inca ruins.,It’s 4:30 in the morning of day five. The porters have just come to our tent to wake us. No coffee or tea this morning ― we need to get moving to reach Intipunku, the Sun Gate, by 7 a.m., or we will miss the sunrise over Machu Picchu.,The fabled pre-Columbian town of Machu Picchu, which is thought to have been built by the Incas around 1440 A.D. and was inhabited until the Spanish conquered Peru in 1532 A.D., is located on a ridge between the mountains of Machu Picchu and Huayna Picchu in the Peruvian Andes, at an elevation of about 6,750 feet (2,057 m) above the Urubamba Valley. Unknown to the outside world until 1911, the original purpose of the “Lost City” is still being debated.,There are two plausible theories that most historians believe could be true: It was an agricultural site, maximizing the valuable growing sector between the jungle and high valleys. Or it was a large observatory. There are a multitude of ruins that are related to the observation of the sky: the Torreón, where the sun shines through a window opening at dawn of the winter solstice (June 21 on the southern hemisphere), highlighting the rock in the middle of the temple; Intihuatana (Hitching Post of the Sun), where the sun could be ceremonially tied and prevented from falling lower in the sky in winter; and the Temple of the Moon, located on the far side of Huayna Picchu.,After our early morning wake-up, we are still a couple of hours away from the overlook. It is pitch black. I can feel the heavy humid fog left behind by last night’s rain. This is why the tour dossier listed “flashlight.” Unfortunately, my brand-new purchase lasted only one pre-trip check. Fortunately, Dave, my traveling partner, had a spare key-chain light which provided me with a shadowed view of the ground in front of me. The majority of our hiking party of nine must have missed the memo, as we have only four flashlights between us.,An hour later, we are on the trail. It’s dark, foggy, wet and the rocks are slippery. We alternate places between the flashlights “haves” and “have-nots.” As we march, the only voices heard are from the “haves”: “Step up, step down, watch out for the rock on your left.” We are probably better off not knowing there is a 200-foot (60 m) drop-off inches from our feet.,We reach Intipunku with only 15 minutes to spare. The view at sunrise is not what we were told in the travel brochures. Three feet (1 m) in front of our faces is a white substance called “fog.”,As we inch our way down toward the Machu Picchu ruins, my anticipation is mounting. When will the fog lift? Slowly, as if someone is cranking up a curtain, Huayna Picchu — also called Sugar Loaf Mountain — begins to appear, overlooking Machu Picchu. First there are fleeting glimpses, and then finally, there it is, in its full splendor.,When I envisioned going to Machu Picchu I always thought of mysterious ruins and the famous postcard picture looking toward Huayna Picchu. But there is more to this manmade/natural wonder of the world. It is the adventure of getting there. I knew I wanted to experience the feel of the Inca culture and the energy of this “sacred valley.” I also knew I didn’t want to take the train, but needed to hike. Depending on your starting point, the Inca Trail is 25 to 33 miles (40-53 km) of semi-arid desert, breathless mountain passes and stunning tropical cloudforest. Our hike took us four nights and 25 miles (40 km) to finish.,Our local guide Mauro keeps telling us “no worries, the hike is 90 percent mental and only 10 percent physical.” I am not convinced that the physical percentage is correct, but there is definitely a continuous adrenaline rush as we get closer to Machu Picchu. By getting myself into pretty good shape, running 20 miles (32 km) and hiking a 500-foot (152 m) hill five to seven times per week before I left for Peru, I was able to enjoy the beauty of the hike and not worry as much about aching muscles and lungs.,Half the fun of doing a trip like this is meeting people from around the world. Our Inca Trail tour group consists of Mauro; a woman from France living in New York; a woman from England living in Australia; a man from New York; a Korean woman living in Philadelphia; a Chinese woman going to college in California; a former co-worker of mine living in Nevada; and a couple originally from South Africa who are now U.S. citizens; and seven porters who round out our trekking team.,The first day of the Inca Trail hike was almost as eventful as the final day. We had to start the hike a half-day early, due to a planned national strike. The transportation systems were about to be shut down, and quick thinking by Mauro got us out of Cuzco — about 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Machu Picchu, where most hiking companies are located — while we still could. It got a little nerve-racking as we were leaving Cuzco. The van driver had to perform a 180-degree turn to avoid a group of protesters heading our way.,The early start gave us four nights on the trail, and allowed us to reduce our miles per day to about six (10 km). The first and second day we were on the west side of the Andes. The terrain was semi-arid to tundra. We had lucid blue skies and fantastic views of Peru’s 20,000-foot (6,100 m) peaks. Our second night was the roughest. After hiking 10 miles (16 km), we camped at 12,600 feet (3,277 m). A combination of dehydration and temperatures dropping into the 20s F (about -3 C) gave everyone a restless night of sleep.,The next morning was the most challenging part of the hike, but also the most satisfying: Dead Woman’s Pass. At 13,700 feet (4,215 m), it is the highest point of the trail. It helped to be fresh and starting at 12,600 feet (3,877 m). We made it to the pass in about an hour and waited for our fellow hikers to arrive (the ones who were working on the 90 percent mental).,After Dead Woman’s Pass the terrain began changing to cloudforest. It is on the fringe of the Amazon, and has a jungle feel. On this part of the trail the foliage has to be cut back every three months or it would engulf the trail. No wonder it took until 1911 for American explorer Hiram Bingham to “re-discover” Machu Picchu after the abandoned settlement had been mostly ignored and later forgotten by Spanish colonial authorities.,The workmanship of the original Inca Trail (built more than 500 years ago) was extraordinary. The majority of the trail is original and in good shape. The stone steps, for the most part, have not crumbled, still fitting snugly together without mortar or adhesive. Occasionally we hit some rough spots where the trail was deteriorating, this always coincided with parts of the trail that had been rebuilt.,It has been said that the seven separate mountain valleys leading into Machu Picchu emanate an elevated energy level. I am not sure if it was that or the accomplishment of finishing the hike and achieving a dream that had been with me since 10th-grade geography class, but there was definitely an energy surge in full swing while visiting the ruins.,We toured the structures once housing ancient Incan communities and marveled at the temples to their gods, many of which are situated on steep precipices. The architecture at Machu Picchu is the most impressive part of the ruins, with the majority of the structures having been built by piling precisely cut stone blocks. Nothing but gravity and careful planning holds the stones together; the cracks are so small that, even centuries later, a credit card could not pass through them.,Back in Cuzco following the trek, our group stuck together after the official tour was finished. We celebrated our successful hike at a local restaurant. I was the only one to brave ordering the national delicacy ― guinea pig. They serve it with the head and feet intact so one doesn’t think he or she is being ripped off. I also tried another dish, something that looked like a cat. It didn’t taste like chicken or duck, as I had been told. It had more of a wild, tangy flavor ― probably closer in taste to the woodchucks that burrow under my deck back home ― not that I know what they taste like!,If You Go,A trip to South America should always include Machu Picchu. If you do not have the time or energy to walk the Inca Trail, at least take a day or two and ride the train from Cuzco. Prices for food and lodging are very affordable. A train ticket runs about US$ 40 one-way and US$ 75 round trip. For budget travelers, late night “backpacker” trains are available for lower prices.,Getting There,Currently you must fly to Lima first and then transfer to a local airline for a flight to Cuzco. Plan on spending one or two nights in Lima. Do not make a close connection for your flight to Cuzco, as Customs entering Peru are slow.,Taking a bus or train from Lima to Cuzco will add another 24 to 36 hours to your journey.,When To Go,April through October is the best time to visit, as it is the dry season. June through August are Peru’s winter months, and the most popular. If you have a chance to go during the Inti Raymi Festival (celebration of the winter solace) on June 23, it is worth seeing. Peru is near the equator, so its winters are not too severe, however, Cuzco is at 11,000 feet (3,385 m) and the Inca trail ranges from 7,000 feet (2,154 m) to 13,700 feet (4,215 m), so it can get cold at night. The range is usually 50 to 70 F (10-26 C) during the day and 30s (0 C) at night.,Trail and Tour Information,A number of regulations and restrictions have been imposed over the last few years that have taken away from the free spirit of hiking, but they have reduced congestion. You must hike the trail with a registered guide. The amount of foot traffic per day is regulated. Even the weight of the gear the porters are allowed to carry is monitored.,Unless you want to haul all your camping gear with you, a tour that includes porters who carry most of your gear is the preferred method. This allows you to carry only a daypack, and gives you more time and energy to enjoy the hike.,There are many tour groups that plan Inca Trail trips. They range from all inclusive to local guided tours. A good cross section of tours would be:, ,G.A.P. Adventures,www.gapadventures.com,1-800-708-7761,Mountain Travel Sobek,www.mtsobek.com,1-888-687-6235,Wilderness Travel,www.wildernesstravel.com,1-800-368-2794,Other Resources:,Commission for the Promotion of Peru,www.peru.info,UNESCO World Heritage Center — Historic Sanctuary of Machu Picchu,https://whc.unesco.org/pg.cfm?cid=31&id_site=274, ,The 320-foot minaret, built in 1198, is no longer the world’s tallest tower. Still, you’ll find plenty of excess in this Spanish cultural center.,Her voice was dark, flowing with the fluidity of the Guadalquivir River. Her eyes were nearly closed, as if recalling a poignant memory.,She sang with intensity and strength, the sound resonating, penetrating the tablao, the flamenco show.,The emotional, cultural, artistic and financial center of southern Spain’s province Andalusia, Seville’s voice is as provocative as the flamenco song.,You are compelled to stick around … to meander through her cobbled streets, narrow alleyways and medieval lanes … to linger in her romantic hidden plazas, glistening with the warmth of the midday sun and soaked in the scent of orange blossoms.,Your days take on a soothing rhythm as you settle into your newfound Andalusian lifestyle, which has redefined joie de vivre and washed away former stresses of the modern world.,You rise late in the morning and slip into the neighborhood bar around the corner for breakfast: freshly squeezed orange juice, café con leche and a toasted baguette with a sumptuous paste of tomatoes.,Afterward, you slip out of the café and into the shadow of La Giralda, the lofty bell tower of the magnificent Cathedral of Seville, constructed in several distinct parts from different cultures.,It is the oldest, an ancient minaret from the Almohad mosque of Seville.,When completed in 1198, the minaret was the tallest tower in the world, at 320 feet (97.5 m). With its grandiose presence and ostentatious play of arabesque arches, it is the perfect display of Seville’s excessive nature.,The cathedral is an outstanding example of the gothic and baroque architectural styles, and is a UNESCO World Heritage site.,As one wanders through the cathedral and up the winding ramps to the top of La Giralda, the sheer immensity of the city below and beyond is breathtaking.,More than 2,000 years old, Seville’s architectural landscape is as complex as she is: Roman, Islamic, gothic, renaissance and baroque.,This feeling of awe continues upon entering the Alcázar, which faces the cathedral.,The Alcázar is one of Europe’s oldest palaces, developed from the city’s ancient Moorish Palace, whose construction first began in 1181. Building continued for more than 500 years.,The Alcázar is still used as a private residence for Spanish royalty. Its Moorish architecture and lush, century-old gardens serve as an ideal setting for the many matrimonial ceremonies that are performed here daily.,From the Alcázar, you make your way along the Guadalquivir, strolling through Parque Maria Luisa, a paradisiacal half-mile (805 m) of palms, orange trees, monuments and museums that was laid out for the 1929 Ibero-Americana World’s Fair.,Settling into a picnic of pan de campo (simple country bread), manchego cheese (from sheep’s milk), a few succulent slices of cured ham and a small bottle of sherry, you take in the gardens and the intoxicating scent of jasmine, and allow the lull of birdsong to sing you to sleep.,Seville (Spanish: Sevilla) is alive in the spring, and her people are preparing for their beloved Semana Santa, Easter’s holy week.,Every town and village in the country will play host to processions and gatherings, but some of the most impressive will take place in Seville. People from all over Spain and around the globe will make their Easter pilgrimage here.,At night, Seville is a city of extroverts; it’s open and convivial, with good food, drink and flamenco.,On this particular night you find yourself at La Carbonería, a converted coalyard in Barrio Santa Cruz, which promises live flamenco performances nightly.,Flamenco, which originated in Andalusia, epitomizes the complex soul of Seville, with its native Andalusian, Islamic, gypsy and Jewish influences  mingling to produce an extraordinary sound. ,Which, in its most raw, authentic state, is a spontaneous outburst late at night in a backstreet bar.,There are many speculations about the origins of the word “flamenco,” some suggesting that the name derived from Hispano-Arabic “fellahmengu,”  meaning “peasants without land,” and thus referring to gypsies.,Other hypotheses associate “flamenco” with meaning “Fleming, native of Flanders”  and also “Flamingo.”,Spain ruled Flanders for many years, and King Carlos I (1500-1558), who actually was born in Ghent, brought a whole Flemish court with him to  Madrid.,People have supposedly cried ¡Báilale al flamenco!“ or “Dance to honor the Fleming!” during dance and festivities surrounding Carlos’  coronation date., El baile flamenco is a highly-expressive solo dance, a combination of mesmerizing footwork and lovely floreo, or basic flamenco hand movements.  ,Its toque (flamenco guitar) sound contains ancestral footprints of Indian, Jewish, Arabic, ancient Andalucian and gypsy sounds, blended together in a  bittersweet combination of strings, falsetas and phrygian scales.,Its cante (song), the heart of the flamenco, following strict musical and poetic rules, is superb poetry.,Tonight the singer treats his audience to a cante jondo, or “deep song,” the most serious and moving variety of flamenco or Spanish Gypsy song.,He sings of abandoned ruins and olive groves, taking us to places where the past and present coexist, where gypsies dance and sing of the sufferings, joys and defiance of their lives.,Lament and laughter flow into the same mold. You realize it is this flickering ambiguity that defines Seville. She is flamenco, harsh and tender, free and confined.,Like the fine wine born of the fertile lands around her, she will tempt you with one taste and keep you coming back for more.,Sevilla Convention Bureau,www.turismo.sevilla.org,Spain Tourism,www.spain.info, ,Across Jordan’s vast desert rise mini-fortresses, magnificent palaces that provided escape for rulers long ago.,It’s been more than a decade since the ancient rock city of Petra made its silver-screen debut in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Petra was an ideal backdrop for the action-packed movie. However, Hollywood overlooked what is perhaps Jordan’s second most-important archaeological secret — its desert castles.,About 75 percent of this Middle Eastern country, which is roughly the size of Portugal, consists of dry and barren lands. The black basalt desert east of the capital city of Amman is a seemingly endless and empty expanse wedged between Syria to the north, Iraq to the east, and Saudi Arabia to the east and south. It’s mostly flat, and dotted with low-growing shrubs, bushes and cacti.,There are few proper roads here, but dozens of desert tracks that crisscross the parched landscape. They have been used for centuries by pilgrims en route to Mecca, by caravans carrying goods from one trading post to another and by caliphs on their way to their royal retreats.,Forlorn in a vast arid sea, imposing desert castles and pavilions stood their ground as islands of civilization. Most of them were built during the Umayyad period, the first major Islamic dynasty, which reigned from A.D. 661-750.,As lonely as these bastions of civilization appear today — often located many miles from human settlement — they were at one time integrated agricultural and commercial complexes, well-watered townships situated at the edge of the desert.,Often constructed on top of and incorporating earlier Roman and Nabatean structures, these imposing palace-fortresses served many purposes. The magnificent desert pavilions could be used for defense, if necessary. But they were primarily places where the Umayyad caliphs could, to quote our guide Mohamed, “get away from it all,” leaving the cares of ruling behind and retreating here to hunt and hawk, relax in secluded baths, meet with tribal groups over whom they ruled, and occasionally offer hospitality to caravans passing through.,With just one day to spare for a desert excursion while staying in Amman, I had to select three of the many desert castles.,Qasr Kharana (qasr means palace or castle in Arabic), located about 37 miles (60 km) east of Amman, is one of the closest and easiest of the desert castles to reach from the capital. It’s also one of the oldest, probably built prior to A.D. 710, as an inscription found on one of the interior doorways suggests. Qasr Kharana is considered to be an important example of early Islamic art and architecture.,From the outside, Kharana looks like a perfect mini-fortress, with almost circular tower buttresses at each corner and semi-circular towers in each of the walls except for the entrance wall, where a pair of towers flank the massive entry.,Appearances can sometimes be deceiving, as inside, utilitarian stables and storage rooms surround a central courtyard on the ground level, and the upper floor of this desert castle is anything but fortress-like.,Here stone rooms are decorated with elegant columns, carved medallions and semi-domes, hardly decorative elements you’d find in a place designed just for defense. Even the arrow slits — too deep to be practical — were meant for ventilation and light. Qasr Kharana was probably used as a place where the Umayyad rulers could meet regularly with their Bedouin subjects.,About 25 miles (40 km) farther east lies Qasr Azraq, once in the middle of a large natural oasis that was a rest stop for pilgrims and caravans. When oasis water was pumped to Amman in the 1980s, the fertile green spot began to dry up, a process the Jordanians are now trying to reverse.,Qasr Azraq has had a long and diverse life: It was a Roman fort in the 3rd century; Umayyad fortress and hunting lodge in the 8th; a fort used by the Mamelukes (slave soldiers converted to Islam) in the 13th; and an Ottoman Turkish garrison in the 16th century. But its modern-day claim to fame was its use by legendary British soldier and adventurer T.E. Lawrence and Sharif Hussein bin Ali in the winter of 1917-18, during the Great Arab Revolt against Ottoman rule.,This immense square structure has walls that are approximately 260 feet high (80 m). The central courtyard is encircled by numerous storerooms, stables, a prison, a kitchen and a dining room. In the stables, you can still see tethering rings for horses and camels, and mangers.,Lawrence of Arabia lived in a room over the main entrance. In the vaulted entry below his room are paving stones with indentations where countless generations of gatekeepers played a board game using pebbles. Near this entry is a small Roman altar used 1,800 years ago and, in the center of the courtyard, a mosque built atop a Byzantine church.,Midway between Azraq and Kharana (and about 50 miles or 80 km from Amman) lies Amra, the most unusual of the three desert castles I visited. One of Jordan’s three UNESCO World Heritage sites (the other two are Petra and the archaeological site of Um er-Rasas), Amra redefines what “getting away from it all” means.,Built in the early 8th century by Umayyad caliph Walid I, this exceptionally well-preserved desert castle was used as a fortress with a garrison, as well as a residence for sport and pleasure.,Images are forbidden in Islam. However, as I enter Amra’s reception hall, I am overwhelmed by figurative murals reflecting the secular art of the time — the most outstanding features of this comparably small pleasure palace.,On the right hand wall is a mélange of wrestlers, hunting scenes, an Umayyad caliph with a Byzantine emperor and a Visigoth king, among other characters — even an almost-naked woman bathing.,Frescos on the left wall depict a hunting scene with dogs driving onagers (now-extinct Persian wild asses) into nets. Semi-clad women are painted on the arches supporting the vaulted ceiling.,The adjacent hammam (bath) with its triple-vaulted ceiling, a testament to Roman influence, is also filled with magnificent paintings, including one in the caldarium, or hot plunge bath, that depicts the heavens with the signs of the zodiac and the constellations.,If You Go,Kharana, Azraq and Amra are among the most-important, best-preserved and most-easily-accessible desert castle ruins dotting Jordan’s eastern desert. If you have time for a few more, I would suggest visiting Qasr Mushatta, the largest and most ambitious of the Umayyad palaces in Jordan, 18 miles (30 km) south of Amman and just north of Queen Alia International Airport. Another good option is Hallabat, 33 miles (53 km) northwest of Azraq.,To reach Kharana, Azraq and Amra, it’s best to rent a car or hire a car and driver, as we did. Our day excursion was arranged in advance by FreeGate Tourism (www.freegatetours.com) before we left home. Arrangements can also be made by hotels in Amman.,Jordan Tourism,www.visitjordan.com, ,The long-awaited Elbphilharmonie has quickly become an iconic symbol of Hamburg, a world-class Hanseatic city that many have yet to discover.,If you build it, they will come. That’s the idea behind the brand new Elbphilharmonie in Hamburg.,The grand glass concert hall stands tall on the Elbe River, a vibrant statement of Hamburg’s position as a top European city, and a destination that should not be missed.,The long-awaited Elbphilharmonie in Hamburg, Germany opened in January 2017 after years of cost-overruns and delays.,But the wait seems to have been worthwhile, because tickets have been snatched up like gold. More than 30,000 tickets for the spring season sold out in half an hour.,While Sydney’s opera house has become an iconic symbol of that classic city, Hamburg hopes its new concert hall will do the same.,Designed by Swiss architectural firm Herzog & de Meuron, the Elbphilharmonie – or Elphie, as she is nicknamed – resembles waves, a reflection of Hamburg’s maritime character and long history as a port town.,Built on a former warehouse and surrounded on three sides by water, the Elbphilharmonie has redrawn Hamburg’s skyline.,The structure is the tallest building in Hamburg and is easily seen from miles around.,With a population of more than a million, Hamburg doesn’t need such a landmark to boost its stature in Germany and Europe.,After all, it is the 3rd largest port in Europe. The city’s stately homes and abundance of global companies reflect Hamburg’s status as the wealthiest city in Germany.,Hamburg is a popular destination for Scandinavians and other Europeans, but when you step past Europe, many travelers are unfamiliar with Hamburg.,Americans flock to Oktoberfest in Munich and many visit Berlin. Yet many miss Hamburg, which is just 90 minutes from Berlin by train, and a perfect add-on for those exploring Germany.,The Elbphilharmonie hopes to change that, and will help introduce Hamburg to the world.,The grand structure, covered in more than 5,800 glass panes, houses three concert halls, a Westin Hotel, 45 apartments, and a range of places to eat and drink.,Elbphilharmonie is one of the most acoustically-advanced concert halls on the planet.,The venue’s White Skin refers to 10,000 individually shaped gypsum fiber panels that cover the walls.,Developed by internationally renowned acoustician Yasuhisa Toyota, this special wall and roof structure ensures every corner of the concert hall receives perfect sound.,The introductory season is already sold out, so visitors to Hamburg should plan their trip well in advance to obtain tickets.,Each season will be announced in April, and tickets go on sale in June. Information and tickets can be found at elbphilharmonie.de/en,Concerts for Hamburg is a special series of one-hour concerts designed especially for the local market.,Tickets are affordable, and the traditional concert dress code is ignored. Performances cover a wide variety of genres, from symphonic to jazz to large-scale operatic works.,Even if you don’t attend a concert at Elbphilharmonie, the concert hall’s plaza is open to all.,Due to popularity, free tickets are needed to ride the 80 meter-long escalator to the plaza viewing platform.,Free tickets to visit the plaza are available at the Elphilharmonie’s Visitor Center at Kaiserkai 62 and near the Elbphilharmonie entrance.,You can pre-book a plaza viewing ticket at Elbphilharmonie.de/en/plaza for a €2 charge.,The Elbphilharmonie is the second of Hamburg’s two grand concert halls. Laeiszhalle, an historic venue which opened in 1908, also has a full calendar of concerts and events.,Hamburg’s music scene includes three professional orchestras, several solo and chamber ensembles and a wealth of jazz, rock, pop and contemporary artists and composers.,Hamburg’s tradition in music runs deep. Composers like Johannes Brahms, Gustav Mahler, and C.P.E. Bach were born and worked here.,The Composers Quarter, opened in 2015 near St. Michael church, highlights the life and works of many of these music greats.,Museum guests receive headphones with commentary in multiple languages to augment the displays.,The city’s best known musicians, however, might just be the Beatles. John Lennon once said: “I was born in Liverpool, but I grew up in Hamburg.”,The English band were teenagers and still in obscurity.,When they first performed in some of Hamburg’s now famous nightclubs from 1960 to 1962, helping to establish Hamburg’s legendary live music scene.,Hempel’s Beatles Tour takes visitors to some of the Fab Four’s key locations in Hamburg.,Stefanie Hempel, a local Beatles expert, offers insight and stories that bring the Beatles to life.,A trained musician, she can also belt out their music, adding to the Beatles nostalgia.,Hamburg’s live music scene continues today as many young newcomer and established bands play at nightclubs in the Reeperbahn at the St. Pauli quarter of Hamburg.,When the Beatles first played clubs in St. Pauli, the area was best known for prostitution. Today, St Pauli is Hamburg’s top entertainment district, with many bars and night clubs.,Music is not the only reason to visit Hamburg. The city’s diverse neighborhoods offer a wide variety of experiences to travelers.,One of the best ways to view the city is by harbor cruise.,Cruises showcase the port and harbor, and journey through the canals of the Speicherstadt warehouse district, a UNESCO World Heritage Site that has now become a hip neighborhood for restaurants, shops and attractions.,One of those attractions is Miniatur Wunderland, one of the world’s largest miniature railway attractions.,Iconic destinations from around the world come to life in miniature here, with working trains, boats, cars and even planes.,The attention to detail is mind-boggling, so time is needed to explore each room.,Coffee lovers congregate at Rösterei Burg, also in the Speicherstadt warehouse district. Hamburg’s warehouses were once filled with coffee and tea bound for homes across Europe.,The custom coffee roaster honors that tradition with its coffee shop, store and coffee museum. Daily tours detail where coffee comes from and how it’s roasted.,There’s even an impressive collection of coffee making equipment from throughout the decades.,The Wasserschloss is just steps from Rösterei Burg.,As its German name suggests, the grand building does indeed look like a small castle surrounded by moats, and houses a restaurant specializes in contemporary and traditional German cuisine.,Downstairs is home to an extensive tea shop.,While Speicherstadt reflects Hamburg’s historic roots, HafenCity is a look into Hamburg’s future. HafenCity, where the Elbphilharmonie is located, is Europe’s largest inner-city urban development project.,What was once a harbor zone will become mixed use housing, offices, shops, restaurants and more.,It will be interesting to watch this area of Hamburg grow. Completion is estimated for 2025.,Other must-see Hamburg experiences include a Sunday morning visit to the Hamburger Fischmarkt (Hamburg Fish Market), where market barkers offer good-natured insults and try to out yell other vendors, creating a cacophony of sound that visitors and locals enjoy.,The market is just a few minutes from the bar and club scene at the Reeperbahn. It’s a treasured Hamburg tradition to visit the Fish Market for a fish sandwich at the end of a long night out on the town, so don’t be surprised to see some late-night partiers winding down.,If the weather is nice, follow the locals to Alster Lake, the city’s favorite playground for biking, kayaking, walking and sailing. Lake cruises are a fine way to spend the afternoon in this world-class German city.,Hamburg has a wide variety of hotels to choose from. The Elbphilharmonie is home to the 244-room Westin Hamburg Hotel.,Another popular option is the Park Hyatt Hamburg, a 5-star property located in the historic Levantehaus building in the heart of the city near Mönckebergstrasse, one of Hamburg’s main shopping streets.,The Park Hyatt Hamburg is known for its Hansiatic elegance, its extensive spa and Apples, a top restaurant that locals also frequent. The hotel’s 283 rooms are large, with warm cherry woods.,The luxury bathrooms include heated floors, large tubs and showers which have both hand-held and Japanese-style rain showers. It’s a peaceful place to rest after a busy day out exploring Hamburg.,Getting to Hamburg,Hamburg has an international airport with direct flights from many international destinations and throughout Germany.,The train from the airport to Hamburg’s Hauptbahnhof (central station) takes 25 minutes.,Getting around in Hamburg,The easiest way to get around Hamburg is by using the public transportation.,The Hamburg Card includes all public transportation (even the train from airport to Hamburg’s central main station), as well as discount admissions to 150 attractions and restaurants.,It is available from Hamburg Tourism at hamburg-travel.com.,Hamburg Tourism Information
hamburg-travel.com,Author Bio: Janna Graber has covered travel in more than 48 countries. She is the editor of three travel anthologies, including “A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel,” and is the managing editor of Go World Travel Magazine (www.goworldtravel.com).,From sleeping in a capsule to having coffee with a cat, here’s what you can do in Tokyo.,In Tokyo, travelers can find a little of everything, especially unexpected combinations. Want to drink a cup of coffee while cats curl up in your lap? Tokyo has you covered. Sing karaoke while sitting in a hot tub? No problem. The amount of choice in Tokyo can be a little overwhelming, so here are some suggestions of places to check out while traveling in Tokyo, Japan.,If you want a different sort of drink experience, look no further than the variety of cafés in Tokyo. At cat cafés, patrons can be surrounded by cats while they enjoy a cup of coffee or tea. This is popular in Tokyo because of strict pet laws, and also because it’s just so cute. Animal cafés are popular in general – there are dog, rabbit and even owl cafés.,Another unique coffee shop is a “maid” café, where waitresses pretend to be maids. In these cafés, waitresses dressed in maid costumes act as servants, and treat customers as masters (and mistresses), rather than as café patrons. Sometime, waitresses draw cute shapes into visitor’s food and drink at their table. Maid cafés are becoming increasingly popular, with over 200 now in Tokyo.,These hotels are not for the claustrophobic. Capsule hotels in Japan were designed to offer guests a cheaper alternative to the frills of a fancy hotel, but have quickly become a popular accommodation for travelers. The sleeping area is a small pod, with usually just enough room to lie down. They are generally equipped with a shade that can be pulled down for some privacy, but travelers should take care to be courteous as the capsules are thin and close together.,Karaoke is very popular among adults in Japan. At most karaoke venues, you can have your own room for your friends, and drink and food can be purchased. This is a popular activity for business people in Japan because it’s an easy after work activity. “Karaoke Kan” was featured in the movie “Lost in Translation.” There are a variety of different karaoke bars, like “Lovenet” which features rooms with hot tubs, and they usually have songs in English as well. Be prepared though, it’s not uncommon for people to receive training in order to become better at karaoke.,Cherry blossom viewing, also known as hanami, is a popular activity in Japan. The blossoms are at their peak in early April, and can be viewed for free in most locations. In places like Inokashira Park, visitors can rent boats to better view the cherry blossom trees from the water.,Another unique activity in Tokyo is writing wishes on small wooden plaques called Ema at Meiji Jingu, a Shinto shrine. People can purchase the plaques and write their wishes on them. Then the plaques are placed in various locations at the shrine for the kami, the Japanese spirits or gods. Visitors can buy plaques to wish for successful careers, a love life, good health and even to pass an exam.  The money from the plaques helps to support the shrine.,Japan is known for their peaceful – and very popular – rural bathhouses. This same experience is replicated in Tokyo. There are two different kinds of bath houses, onsen and sento. Onsen bath houses are filled with healing mineral water, while sento bath houses are filled with normal bath water. Visiting a bath house is a valued Japanese tradition. There are rules that need to be followed, and men and women have different rooms. The bath houses usually offer other services, like saunas or spa treatments.,Tokyo Disneyland has everything you would expect – Mickey, Goofy, and a castle modeled after the Magic Kingdom called Cinderella’s Castle. Tokyo Disneyland is bigger than the original Disneyland in California, and also offers DisneySea, with ocean themed attractions and rides.,If You Go:,Book a Trip to Japan with Pacific Holidays,Tourism Information on Tokyo: https://www.gotokyo.org/en/,Tourism Information on Japan Japan National Tourism Board,If the holiday season turns you into a grinch, the antidote might be a festive German village and the joys of the Monschau Christmas market.,Let’s face it, each year the Halloween candy is barely gone before Christmas decorations start appearing in stores.,And frankly, by the time Santa flies into town, we have had 60 days of the 12 Days of Christmas, been brainwashed with TV ads for Barbie dolls and play stations, and are ready to scream at the first note of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.,Thankfully, I have found the antidote to my bah-humbug attitude… the Christmas Market.,These outdoor holiday markets are abundant across Europe during November and December, with the most famous ones, like that in Strasbourg, France, drawing thousands of visitors each season.,As only local artisans and merchants are allowed to sell products at a Christmas Market, each town has its distinct specialties.,I was looking for an intimate experience, a quaint and quintessential snow-globe scene where I could rekindle the memories of the Christmas spirit I once knew.,I found the cure only 90 minutes from my house in Brussels, and a few miles over the German border, in the storybook town of Monschau.,Nürnberg is famous for its gingerbread and Rauschgoldengel, golden foil angel figurines with pleated skirts crafted from finely milled brass or golden foil.,Vienna’s ornately decorated trees grace the Rathaus (city hall) square, where local residents and visitors from all over the world enjoy an enchanted atmosphere.,Arriving on a cold gray winter morning, I caught my first glimpse of the tranquil western German village of 13,000 that looked as if it had been cast in miniature and set beneath a Christmas tree.,All that was missing was the toy locomotive encircling the scene. The cobbled town streets leading to Monschau’s main square were an obstacle course for the senses.,Bakeries and candy shops lured me in with the smell of warm apples and shortbread, and beautifully festooned bags of chocolates and other colorful treats were within grabbing distance.,Learn how to ask for all of your Christmas list wishes in German with Babbel. Babbel has all types of lessons so you can learn the basics of any language and even become fluent as you continue. Find the perfect course to fit your schedule here.,I pinballed from store to store, sampling the goodies offered on trays by cheerful attendants, all the while admiring the windows bulging with handcrafted dolls and ornaments, trees and twinkle lights.,Wooden games and toys spilling out of doorways looked just like the ones Santa’s elves would make. I was beginning to feel better already. Not a Barbie or Xbox in sight!,Around the Weihnachtsmarkt (Christmas Market) were wooden huts stuffed like Christmas stockings with everything from ginger cookies to ornate music boxes, hand-carved nutcrackers to Santa hats.,Even I couldn’t resist trying on a hat with attached blonde braids. I looked in the mirror and decided against it. I wasn’t quite that spirited. In the distance, I heard the sound of brass horns and, as I turned a corner, its source was revealed.,Fifteen men and women in fur hats blew golden trumpets until their cheeks were cherry red. Although I didn’t recognize the songs, the merriment was contagious.,Make sure you pack some layers to shop comfortably in the outdoor markets during the winter. SCOTTeVEST has layers, all with over 10 concealed pockets, so you can travel and be certain you have all of your essentials with you. Check out all of their gear here.,The lingering smell of cinnamon and cloves lured me past the grilled bratwurst and crocks of bubbling Monschauer Senfsuppe (mustard soup), a local specialty, to the glühwein (hot mulled wine) hut where the line was six-people deep.,The choices of steaming hot beverages on this winter day were inviting.,Eggnog, a creamy coffee-based elixir and hot chocolate were all available with a little extra “warmth” from one of the bottles of brandy, whisky or schnapps lining the countertop.,I opted for the glühwein, a Christmas Market must, and happily warmed my hands on the blue ceramic mug as the steam from the cup clouded the crisp air.,From the church, I heard the familiar sound of Christmas carolers. I sneaked in and sat in the back pew, sipping my wine.,I am not sure what was warming me more… the spirits in the cup or the spirit all around me. As I quietly inched out of the church, a robust woman caught my eye. “Frohe Weihnachten.”  “Merry Christmas,” I waved back. And I meant it.,Although the Weihnachtsmarkt is certainly about shopping, it is also about enjoying the magic of the season: the music, the festivity, the family and the friendly faces.,As I meandered the small alleyways out of Monschau, I was transported for a moment to my own Christmases past, and I remembered what Christmas was once about for me:,A time of believing, singing, my grandma’s chocolate-chip cookies, and a tattered copy of ‘Twas The Night Before  Christmas, the famous 19th-century poem by American author Clement C. Moore.,If only I had purchased the braided Santa hat. As I drove back home, a song popped into my head… Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. Hark! Could it be I was cured?!,Yes, Scrooge has left the building! Deck the halls because Santa Claus is coming to town!,Weihnachtsmarkt Monschau – www.monschau.de,With the cliffside cities, breath-taking beaches and mouth-watering cuisine, Greece is filled with stunning thrills to explore. Here is our list of the top things to do in Greece.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Greece is a fascinating country, located in the south of Europe. Its 15,000-km-long (9,320-mile-long) coast is lapped by the Ionian, Aegean and Mediterranean seas. Greece has as many as 220 inhabited islands and thousands of uninhabited ones.,Wherever you go, you will find temples dedicated to the Greek gods, remains from the Roman era and amphitheaters where the social life of the ancient Greeks took place. Try souvlaki, gyros and a glass of ouzo. If you love history, museums and sandy beaches, you will indeed like Greece.,Welcome to one of the world’s oldest metropolises and the capital of Greece. Since ancient times, Athens has been an important cultural, educational and artistic center in the Mediterranean.,The temples of the Parthenon, Erechtheion and the sanctuary of the goddess Athena are located on the Acropolis. These ancient ruins attract millions of visitors every year and are a trademark of Athens.,In the Acropolis Museum, you will see the top works of ancient art. You can learn more about Greece’s rich history at the National Archaeological Museum, the Agora Museum and the Cycladic Art Museum.,Below the Acropolis is Monastiraki Square, with many restaurants where you can eat traditional Greek dishes, like gyros and souvlaki. Take some time and watch the change of soldiers guarding the parliament building in Syntagma Square.,You can visit the marble stadium of Panathinaiko, where the first modern Olympic Games were held, and learn from local guides more about this fantastic place’s history. Nearby is the National Garden, a beautiful green oasis for relaxation.,Stroll along the promenade in Ermou Street, famous for its many cafés and boutiques. The bohemian Plaka district will delight you with its unique charm.,At the end of the tour of Athens, go 10 kilometers (6.2 miles) south of the city center. There, you can enjoy magnificent beaches, such as Alimos and Lagonisi.,Thessaloniki is an important port in the northern part of Greece, with numerous monuments, museums and Byzantine churches.,Climb the circular stairs to the top of the White Tower, the landmark of Thessaloniki with a great view. Visit Aristotle Square in the city center and walk along the famous Nikis Avenue, which features many restaurants and bars. ,In Thessaloniki, you can see the glorious monument of the famous military leader Alexander the Great, riding his favorite horse Bucephalus. You can find out more about the ancient Greeks at the Archaeological Museum. Next to it is the Museum of Byzantine Culture, which is also worth visiting.,In Rotunda, an ancient building that served as a temple, you can see beautiful mosaics from the Roman period. You can  visit the Roman Forum, also known as the Ancient Agora, and see the remains of ancient Roman buildings.,The historic district of Ladadika is famous for a great nightlife. There are many cafes and bars along the narrow cobblestone street. From Thessaloniki, you can reach popular resorts on the Halkidiki peninsula in just an hour or two. There you can find top beaches like Sani Beach, with fine sand, and a long shoal ideal for families with kids.,Halkidiki consists of three smaller peninsulas: Kassandra, Sithonia and Athos. Afytos is one of the most picturesque villages on Kassandra, with numerous taverns and cafes, and narrow cobbled streets with many small shops. There are many vineyards and olive groves, so don’t forget to buy a bottle of quality wine or excellent olive oil from local producers.,Sithonia’s trademark is the clear sea and pine forests. Neos Marmaras and Sarti are small towns worth visiting because of the beautiful bays, coves and long sandy beaches. Sithonia also houses several big campsites with a capacity of over 2,000 people, such as Armenistis and Thalatta camp.,Crete is the largest Greek island, known for its rich cultural and historic heritage and fantastic beaches.,Knossos was the capital of the Minoan civilization, so historians consider it the oldest European city. At the peak of its development, it had about 100,000 inhabitants. The remains of the magnificent Knossos Palace are the best evidence of that period. You can also see various objects and frescoes found at this site in the Archaeological Museum in Heraklion.,Find tours, skip-the-line tickets and more activities around Knossos here.,Visit Chania old town, where you can see many old buildings, monuments and beautiful squares. You will be delighted by the taverns located in the narrow streets, where you can try delicious specialties of Greek cuisine.,To the northwest of Crete is the magical Balos Lagoon. This beach is remote, far from hotels and cafes, and you have to drive along a lousy road to reach it. Despite that, Balos beach is the most popular place in Crete and an excellent destination for a day trip from Chania or Heraklion.,If you love adventures, you will be delighted with a trip to Samaria Gorge. The whole National Park is beautiful, and it will take you five-six hours to pass through the gorge. In some places, the canyon is only 3 meters (9.8 feet) wide, with cliffs more than 300 meters (984 feet) high.,The Old Town in Corfu is impressive. The Venetian heritage is reflected in the architecture, churches and fortresses from the 16th century. Stroll along the narrow streets and peek into charming souvenir shops or seafood restaurants. You will also be delighted by Paleokastris, a coast with numerous bays, capes and beaches. We also recommend visiting Porto Timoni beach.,Kassiopi is a fishing village with a lovely harbor and lots of wooden fishing boats. One of the most exciting places in Corfu is St. George’s Church, from the 19th century.,The most beautiful building in Corfu is definitely the Royal Achilleion Palace. It was built for the needs of the Austrian royal family, and today it is open to the public, so you can enjoy its gorgeous interior and beautiful garden.,Parga is a pretty town on the Ionian coast. It is located in the northwest of Greece and is an excellent base for excursions to Corfu, Paxos and Antipaxos. You will enjoy a walk along the long promenade by the sea, with numerous restaurants and cafes, as well as narrow streets with colorful houses. And if you just want to lie in the sun and relax, Lichnos, Krioneri and Valtos beach await you. ,Lefkada is another famous island in the Ionian archipelago, with beautiful beaches, lovely Nidry waterfalls and charming harbor Vasiliki.  ,On the island of Kefalonia,  Mount Aenos stretches to  a peak of over 1,600 meters (5,249 feet) above sea level. The view from the top is worth hiking. On this hilly island, you can also see the pretty villages of Assos and Fiskardo, with numerous taverns along the quay. Kefalonia is best known for Melissani Cave, an attractive underground lake with crystal-clear water.,Zakynthos is the southernmost island of the Ionian archipelago, just 25 km (15 miles) west of the Peloponnese. Make sure you go to Navagio beach and swim between the high cliffs. Laganas is the most popular spot on the island, with lovely beaches, numerous cafes, taverns, shops, hotels and villas. This place also has a great nightlife.,The incredible story of Meteora monasteries originated in the 14th century when a monk took his followers to central Greece to preach their religion in inaccessible caves. In time, the monks built more than 20 monasteries in an incredible place – on the tops of high stone cliffs.,Six monasteries have survived various rulers, wars and physical damage over several centuries: The Monastery of Varlaam, St. Stephen, Holy Trinity, Roussanou, St. Nikolaos and Great Meteoron monastery.,In the beginning, the monks came to the monastery by a ladder, and now you have steps, so it is available for everyone who wants to visit these fantastic places.,You can do this as part of a day trip adventure from Athens or Thessaloniki, but you’ll need about a 3-hour drive to get there. There are also special tours, among which the most popular are Meteora hiking tour, Meteora sunset tour and Meteora day trip from Athens by train.,Since 1989, Meteora monasteries have been protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,See all six monasteries in one day on the Meteora Independent Train Trip and Monastery Tour. Book your dates in advance here.,Welcome to the mountain of the gods. Did you know that according to Greek mythology, Mount Olympus is home to the supreme god Zeus?,For more than half a year, the peaks of Olympus have been covered with snow. The highest peak, Mytikas, rises to 2,917 meters (9,570 feet) above sea level and is the second-highest peak in the entire Balkans.,The whole area was declared the first Greek national park in 1938. More than 100 species of birds and endemic plant species live in this area, so the UNESCO National Park Olympus has been declared a biosphere reserve.,You can start conquering the great peaks of Olympus from Litochoro. This village is located just an hour south of Thessaloniki. As many as 10,000 mountaineers each year conquer Mytikas, Stefani, Skolio and other peaks. Here is another interesting fact: the highest Orthodox church is located  on Mount Olympus. In the 16th century, it was built on one of the peaks at an altitude of 2,800 meters (9,186 feet) above sea level.,Do not miss the opportunity to visit the magnificent Orlias Waterfalls near Litochoro. The nature of Olympus is genuinely fascinating and will surely leave you breathless.,Be sure to learn some Greek before you go so you can learn more about Olympus and the rich culture. Rosetta Stone offers flexible language plans that work around your schedule and level of learning. Check out their lesson options and deals here.,The Cyclades consists of as many as 39 islands. Located between Athens and Crete, it is a favorite place for honeymooners because of the impressive sunsets.,Santorini is the most famous island in this archipelago. You must have seen beautiful photos of its white and blue houses. Santorini is a volcanic island, and one of the main attractions is the Caldera hike from Fira to Oia. We guarantee you a fantastic view that you will remember for a lifetime.,Mykonos is an unavoidable stop if you are looking for a great time. Top DJs and crazy parties are almost daily during the season. Mykonos also has beautiful beaches, such as Elia and Paradise.,Going by boat to the island of Delos is a good idea for a day trip. Delos has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site, thanks to its great cultural heritage, archeological sites and monuments.,You can also find beautiful beaches and adorable mountain villages on the islands of Naxos, Amorgos, Paros and Antiparos. The big attraction of the island of Amorgos is the shipwreck “The Olimpia” located in the bay of Liveros.,According to legend, Zeus sent two eagles to two different parts of the world. Zeus determined the place where the eagles met as the center of the world. There, at the foot of Mount Parnassus in the 7th century BC, Delphi was built.,The main building of this ancient site was the temple of Apollo. There is also a temple of the goddess Athena and facilities built for the needs of learning and playing sports. Pythian Games were also held here, and competitors from all ancient Greek cities took part in them.,You can also see the remains of a huge amphitheater in Delphi, where performances and ceremonies were held. With the arrival of Christians to these areas, ancient religions were banned, and temples and buildings were destroyed.,The whole site is located in a beautiful natural environment, and due to its outstanding cultural and historical significance, in 1987 it was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,Explore Delphi with an expert guide on the top-rated Delphi Day Trip from Athens. Book here now and cancel anytime up to 24-hours before for a full refund.,Just an hour from Athens, you come across the Corinth Canal. It separates central Greece and the Peloponnese peninsula, located between the Ionian Sea in the west and the Aegean Sea in the east.,Nafplion is a charming town and former Greek capital, on which the Venetian conquerors left a significant mark. You can stroll through the old town, with narrow streets and painted facades. Climb Palamidi Fortress on a hill above the city for a fantastic view or spend a day enjoying Karathona or Arvanitia beach.,Between the Corinth Canal and Nafplio, you can visit the archaeological site of Mycenae. According to Greek mythology, this place is known for King Agamemnon and the large stone walls with the Lion’s Gate, which the one-eyed giants Cyclops built. You can find out more about the history of the Mycenaean civilization at Nafplio’s Archaeological Museum.,Not far from Nafplio is another important UNESCO World Heritage Site. In Epidaurus, you can see the ancient theater from the 4th century BC, which could accommodate 14,000 visitors. It is very well preserved and known for its excellent acoustics.,You can visit several more interesting places in the Peloponnese. In Mystras, an ancient fortified city, you can see Byzantine churches and palaces. On the island of Laconia, you can find Monemvasia, a picturesque medieval village under the cliffs.,South of the Peloponnese is the beautiful island of Elafonisos, with the famous Simos beach, one of Greece’s most beautiful ones.,Olympia is another exciting place that you can visit. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and home to the ancient Olympic Games. There you can see the Temple of Zeus and the ruins of old sports arenas.,Rhodes belongs to the Dodecanese islands located in the southeast of the Aegean Sea, near the Turkish coast. Various rulers have left a rich heritage, mainly reflected in architecture, archeological sites and numerous fortresses.,The medieval city of Rhodes is the largest and one of the best-preserved fortifications in Europe. It was built by the Knights of St. John in the 14th century, featuring long walls and tall towers.,The old town is dominated by the Palace of the Grand Master of the Knights of Rhodes. Take a stroll through the old town’s narrow streets with its many cafés, tavernas and shops. For the city’s best view, climb the hill on which the Roloi Clock Tower is located.,Outside the walls of this fort is Mandraki, a modern city with boutiques and beautiful buildings such as the National Theater of Rhodes. Visit the picturesque village of Lindos, Monolithos Castle in the Siana and Kalithea Springs, so you can properly rest after these long walks.,If you love museums, you can get to know the history of Rhodes best if you visit the Byzantine Art Museum or The Archaeological Museum of Rhodes.,Rhodes also has excellent beaches, such as Faliraki beach, Tsambika and Glystra, with fine sand and clear water. You can also go on boat trips to other Dodecanese islands such as Leros and Kos.,Ready to explore the culture and cuisine of Greece? Get prepared with insider knowledge on local restaurants, hotel or VRBO options, tips on the best secluded beaches and more by checking out Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,When you’re ready to pick your travel dates you can find the best airline deals and ground transportation packages all in one place through KIWI Travel.,Be sure to check out our Greece Travel Guide before you go!,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagna. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,Bath houses, known as sentos, are a soothing relief to the hubbub of urban Japan.,Traveling in Japan’s largest cities can be a test of mental endurance. The constant high-speed sensory overload coming at you from every angle, at first exhilarating, can eventually become exhausting. The blur of rush hour continues all day with trains, packed to bursting, empty into frenetic subway and railway stations on multiple levels. Endless waves of humanity add to the crush and din of the Japanese megalopolis as commuters scurry into crowded streets, busy offices and labyrinthine shopping arcades.,Everywhere you turn there’s another garish sign, rows of vending machines lining the concrete, slick black taxis creeping in the neon haze and parked bicycles crowding the sidewalks. In search of zen bliss or a photogenic temple, you move past the flashing colored lights, through the assault of noise and shopping crowds. This much stimulation can wear you down.,When it all gets to be too much and I start to feel like a hamster in a Habitrail and need to unwind, I drop into a Japanese bath house, known as sento.,Sento, whose Chinese characters mean “money” and “hot water,” originated in the Buddhist temples of 8th century Japan. Over time, sentoevolved into centers for gathering, socializing and bathing.,Until the 1970s, many homes in Japan did not have their own bath and so a daily visit to the sento was simply part of life’s routine.,Usually visited in the early evening, a trip to the sento was a way to relax at the end of the day, meet friends and enjoy a good scrub and hot soak in a large communal bath.,For the traveler in urban Japan, thesento provides the opportunity to refresh after a long day of shopping or sightseeing or before a night out in the neon jungle. I have also found, through months of painstaking research, that a visit to the sento is the perfect remedy for a sake-induced hangover.,Sento can be found throughout Japan from the smallest of fishing villages to the center of the biggest cities. In a smaller town, one looks for a prominent smokestack-like pipe emitting steam, but in most cities, it is best just to ask for a recommended sento.,There is a fairly rigid set of rules to be followed to ensure a pleasant and successful visit to a sento. Rule #1: Follow what the Japanese inside the bathhouse are doing. If they take off their shoes, you take off your shoes.,Usually there are small lockers with keys (don’t lose it!) outside the sento for storing shoes. At smaller local bath houses, customers may simply line their shoes up neatly (facing outward) at the entryway. If this is the case, leave your shoes there — they will be fine.,At the entrance to most sento, an attendant sits at a counter or bandai, accepting payment from customers. A typical sento costs around 350 yen (a little over US$ 3) with some sento charging additional fees for special baths or saunas. Extra fees vary from sento to sento, so ask if you are not sure.,As you enter the sento, you can also buy toiletries such as soap, shampoo, disposable razors and so forth, and, for a nominal fee, borrow bath towels.,After you have purchased your accoutrements, proceed to the changing room, usually just beyond the main entry. If there is any doubt as to which changing area you are entering, make sure the attendant sees you and they will certainly correct you if you are mistaken.
Depending on the size of the sento, the bathing area may be fairly small, only large enough to accommodate 10 or 12 customers at a time, or it could be a sprawling atrium-like space with numerous baths, saunas and steam rooms.Once inside the changing area, you will find more lockers, larger than the ones for your shoes, but not by much. There you will disrobe (entirely) and taking only your towel, bathing goods and your locker key (usually on a string or wrist band) proceed to the bathing area. Usually the baths are on the same level as the changing area and it is obvious where to go, though in larger facilities, the baths may be on another level so if you are unsure, observe others or ask.,The next big rule of visiting a sento is NO SOAP IN THE BATH. Today, this most basic of Japanese bathing practices is quite well known, but if this is new to you, commit it to memory. Soaping, scrubbing and rinsing isalways done outside of the bath and you will find spigots and small plastic stools and buckets for this purpose. Going into a sento bath (or any other Japanese bath or hot spring) with soap on your body is unthinkable and would be a major faux pas. Baths are for soaking and relaxing, so wash and rinse off well outside and then enjoy the baths.,Now that you are clean and ready to soak, step over to the ofuro (bath) but before you immerse yourself in the deep tubs, you may want to test the water with your hand to find out exactly what type of bath you are about to enter. Typically, sento baths will be hot (around 107 F/42C), very hot (around 118 F/48C) and cold (around 64 F/18C).,There may also be several variations of Jacuzzi baths, baths colored and seasoned with healthful natural herbs and some sento also feature what is known in Japanese as denkiburo, literally “electric bath.” This is exactly what it sounds like — a bath with an electric charge running through it. The current is low and not harmful (older patrons often enjoy the sensation of electricity stimulating their bodies), but unless you too enjoy “electric bathing,” touch the water with your hand before plunging in.,Another basic rule to follow when visiting sento (also known as onsen) is keeping all towels out of the baths. You may actually see some Japanese breaking this common rule, but most ofuroya (another name for bath houses) prefer towels are kept out of the baths for the purposes of hygiene. Generally, nothing should go into the bath except you and your smile.,Remember, visiting a sento is not only to wash and refresh oneself, but to simply relax and, for regular customers, to socialize. As you enjoy the baths and atmosphere of asento, you may notice regular customers, often older Japanese who may have been visiting that particular establishment every day for much of their life. And while the actual number of sento in Japan has been declining since around 1970, they still play an important role in the social life of many Japanese.,As a gaijin (foreigner) in a sento, you will naturally stand out, but generally this is not a problem and you will probably be either welcomed with a shy smile or slight bow, or perhaps given no more attention than any other stranger would receive. Still, some foreigners complain about being starred at in sento, which could be a case of curiosity on the part of the Japanese or oversensitivity on the part of the foreigner, or maybe a little of both.,“When in Tokyo, do as the Tokyoites” is a simple guideline and will probably serve you well in an unfamiliar setting such as a sento. On a darker note, there have been well-documented cases of public bath houses in Hokkaido where foreigners were apparently not doing as the locals, and were, in fact, causing quite an uproar to the extent that some bath houses and other businesses took the extraordinary step of refusing entry to foreigners or those who looked foreign.,This has become an ongoing issue which has been taken up by local human rights activists whose efforts to stop the banning of certain people from Japanese bath houses and hot springs can be read about here. By being respectful and mindful of Japanese bathing customs, you will help breakdown unhelpful stereotypes while ensuring a pleasant and memorable experience for you and those who follow.,One thing that many bathing establishments do not allow is the entry of persons with visible tattoos. This is intended to keep out members of the yakuza (Japanese organized crime), but may very well be extended even to persons who have no apparent ties to criminal activity. If you have a mural of inky snakes and dragons slithering down your arms and legs, or even a tiny non-threatening butterfly above your belt line, you could potentially be prohibited from entering a sento.,Having said that, this writer has never heard of any foreigner being refused entry because of a tattoo. In fact, one sento I frequented for almost a decade not only didn’t enforce the ‘no tattoo’ rule, the sento was frequented by obvious yakuza. Such a bath house is the ideal place to admire the incredibly intricate tattoo work that covers the shoulders, biceps, chest, back, buttocks and upper legs of many yakuza.,If you are fortunate enough to bathe with the yakuza, you will be amazed at the beauty and detail of their body art, though discreet viewing is recommended.,Gangsters being the exception, you are more likely to find yourself scrubbing beside a “salaryman” (this is what Japanese call businessmen), a neighborhood merchant or the little old man (or woman) who, over a lifetime of frequenting sento, has polished their bathing rituals to a fine art.,It is here, in the sento, where you, as a visiting foreigner, may come closest to feeling like you are part of Japan. In the sento, all non-essentials are literally stripped away. In a country where form, method and decorum are so indispensable, the sento is the one place where everything is reduced to its most basic element: the soap removes the dirt, the steam cleanses the mind, the water calms the body and the light, pouring in mid-day from an overhead window, illuminates the scene of humans together, washing off the layers of fatigue and filth that cling to us as we walk through the clutter of the city.,Read more: Living in Japan,If You Go,Japan National Tourist Organization,www.jnto.go.jp, ,Traveling to Scotland? Read our local insider’s guide with everything you need to know before visiting Scotland.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Scotland is a truly unique place, packed full of rich traditions and vibrant culture. It’s no surprise that so many people feel such a deep longing to experience this incredible country. With prehistoric stone circles, ruined castles and dramatic scenery it doesn’t disappoint.,Many people look forward to visiting Scotland and spend hours planning out the perfect itinerary. Writing a list of places to tick off is easy but there is so much more to travelling than that.,The hard part is learning the quirks, traditions and practicalities of your destination. This guide is here to help with everything you need to know before visiting Scotland.,Most Scottish traditions are based around having fun, so they are ideal to include in any visit to Scotland. In the summer months, Highland Games take place around the country with sporting events like tug of war, tossing the caber and hammer throwing.,Braemar in Royal Deeside is considered the home of the Highland Games with the first competition supposedly taking place around 950 years ago.,The games are usually finished in the same way as all Scottish celebrations, with a giant party full of traditional Scottish dancing called a ceilidh. These take place all year round which helps towards keeping warm during the winter months. During ceilidhs, most of the local men will be wearing a kilt – Scotland’s national dress.,Don’t be afraid of not knowing any of the traditional dances. The band keeps all newcomers right and the Scots are always happy to help.,A huge part of travelling is sampling local cuisine and visiting Scotland should be no exception. It might not be as famous as some other countries, but Scotland’s larder is the envy of the world. There is something for everybody to enjoy in the Scottish kitchen, from wild lobster and salmon to venison and grouse to fresh vegetables to ripe fruits.,Haggis is by far the best-known Scottish dish worldwide. Not everybody knows what it really is though and plenty who do will turn their nose up without even trying it. They are missing out.,Haggis is made from the finely ground heart, liver and lungs of a sheep mixed with oats, suet and spices. It makes a soft, slightly spicy mixture that is usually eaten with mashed turnip and potatoes known as “neeps & tatties”.,Scotland isn’t short of delicious desserts either, with Cranachan a particularly popular dish. Toasted oats, honey, whisky and cream all mixed together with fresh Scottish raspberries. ,You won’t go thirsty in Scotland either. The national drink whisky is well known around the world and over 100 distilleries dotted around the country are just waiting to give tours.,If alcohol isn’t your thing, then Irn Bru is known as Scotland’s other national drink. The bright orange soft drink is hard to describe in words but it’s fizzy, sweet and vaguely fruity.,It’s a little-known fact but Scotland has four official languages: English, Gaelic, Scots and Sign Language. English and Sign Language are self-explanatory, but there is a lot of confusion around Scots and Gaelic which are two very different languages.,Historically, there has been a split between the Gaelic speaking Highlands and the Scots speaking Lowlands. Many people visiting Scotland put in a lot of effort to learn a few Gaelic phrases, not realising that only around 1% of the population will understand them.,At one time, Scotland would have been full of Gaelic speakers but that has retreated to primarily the islands and far-flung corners of the Highlands. The language is now making a definite resurgence, helped along by shows like Outlander.,What you will hear many people in Scotland speaking isn’t just English with a funny accent like some would have you believe. It’s an equally historic and underappreciated language called Scots.,With the same root as English, most words are the same or similar so easy enough to understand if you can get past the accents. If you don’t understand, then just let the person know and they’ll often be happy to speak a bit slower.,A few examples of Scots words are dreich for drizzly rain, loch for lake, braw for good and dinnae ken for don’t know.,You will quickly find when visiting Scotland that just because somewhere looks close on a map, that doesn’t mean the journey will be short. Off the motorways, many roads quickly become narrower and more winding. Once you reach the Highlands and Scottish Islands, expect to drive on single-track roads.,Special care needs to be taken on these roads with only space for one car at a time and lots of blind corners. There is a strict etiquette here and if it isn’t followed then local residents can get very annoyed.,If another vehicle is coming the other way, just pull into the nearest passing place and wait patiently. The same applies if you are driving slowly to appreciate the scenery and another car is stuck behind you.,That doesn’t mean you should just stick to public transport and avoid driving altogether. Most of the best places to visit are a little off the beaten path. There aren’t always buses to ancient stone circles or epic West Coast fortresses like Castle Sween.,The most important thing to remember is to drive on the left-hand side and re-fuel whenever you can. Don’t expect to find a petrol station in every remote town or village and phone signal can be very unreliable in the Highlands.,Scotland is famous for its scenery and the best way to experience that isn’t from the road. Whether it’s a beach walk, woodland stroll or hiking in the hills, visiting Scotland is about exploring the great outdoors. The best part about it is that the trespass laws you might be used to don’t apply here.,Scotland has a “Right to roam” which means that in general, the public can walk where they want within reason. It doesn’t mean having a picnic in somebody’s back garden or trampling a farmer’s crops, but it does allow hikers to walk across hills, through glens and across rivers.,It comes in very handy when trying to tick off one of the 282 mountains above 3000 feet known as Munros.,The right to roam also covers what is known as “wild camping”. As long as it is away from roads, buildings and historical monuments, anybody can pitch a small tent for the night. One of the best ways to wake up is high on a hillside, surrounded by nature without another soul for miles.,The seasons aren’t always reliable but there is no such thing as a bad time to visit Scotland. Every time of year has its pros and cons, it all depends on how you want to travel.,There is a much better chance of sun in the summer months although you can never be guaranteed it won’t rain. Expect the popular tourist areas to be very busy though and the outdoors to be full of little biting bugs called midges.,In winter, fortunately, those midges can’t handle the cold and neither can many tourists so everywhere is much quieter. The downside is that many attractions, restaurants and accommodations close down until spring.,That doesn’t mean there aren’t things to see though. Lots of ruined Scottish castles, coastal caves and Neolithic monuments are open and free to visit at any time, so off-season it’s likely you will have them to yourself.,To get the best of both worlds, try visiting towards the end of October or the start of April. Make sure to double-check Scottish school holidays to avoid that two-week rush. Remember, no matter what time of year you decide to visit Scotland, always bring a raincoat just in case.,Start planning your culture-filled vacation to Scotland today. Get prepared with knowledge on the best local shops, hotel and VRBO accommodations, insider tips on how to get around and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Be sure to book some fun Scotland activities, expert-led tours and skip-the-line tickets with GetYourGuide. Find more tour information and book your dates here.,Get the best deals on seasonal flights, train tickets and car rentals through OMIO Travel Partner. Then, make sure your plans are protected from flight cancellations, lost luggage issues, unexpected sickness and any other problem with travel insurance from Squaremouth.,Author’s Bio: Graeme is the writer and storyteller behind Scotland’s Stories. In love with the history and folklore of Scotland, his mission is to share these stories in an engaging way to help people appreciate their travel more.,You may find me, not sipping a velvety Bordeaux in the Marais, but rather, drinking a pilsner in Wenceslas Square.,Dear Paris,,I have loved you hopelessly for many years. It was Valentine’s Day 1985 when I first fell to your moody charms. We met on a rainy afternoon, but that is so like you, to look even lovelier with tears streaking your white marble face, then pouring into the Seine, that broad swath of watery silk that drapes across you, a scarf worn just-so.
Oh Paris, what can I say? I feel even guiltier for the fact that she is your hipper, sexier, bohemian sister. That she wears clashing skirts of green and salmon, stained yellow and brown.And because I have loved you with such ardor (did I say loved? I still love you, always will) it is only fair to tell you I have been unfaithful. Her name is Prague. She resembles you in many ways. I’ve heard countless comparisons, but I have refused to believe them, until now that I’ve experienced her for myself.,Atop it all, wavy red tiles tumble over her shoulders like hair that cannot be tamed. She is unabashedly bawdy, self-confident without being haughty.,And while that is something that has always beguiled me about you, Paris, your haughtiness, truthfully, it’s been getting on my nerves lately. Why must you always strong-arm me, indeed all of us who adore you, with your impeccable style, your artistic perfection? Why must you be both less accessible and more refined?,You assume such an untouchable brand of superiority that I finally must admit it exhausts me. Whereas Prague, well, despite her marvelous castle, she is, at heart, a refreshingly down-to-earth girl.,Or even that I find her ubiquitous old-world crystal slightly garish and very last-century. She is other things that you are not. But above all else, she is  emotionally available to me.There I go again. I whisper her name and in my mind I am wandering through her enchanting maze of alleys, memorizing  with eyes and hands her unexpected charms. And, believe me, there are many. It does not matter that she is a mediocre cook and that the Vltava is  thick and sluggish.,Heavens. I never meant to be so blunt here. But I want you to understand. I want you to learn something from Prague. I mean you have a great deal in  common — two beautiful old souls who were spared the worst of recent wars because of that beauty.,And yet you have led a certain charmed life that Prague has never known. Though you were both dominated by Nazis, she was also brutally raped by  the Soviets. She is a free spirit who was held against her will, like a kept woman, for more decades than you can count on your pretty little bridges.,And now that she is free, does she hold it against anyone? Does she cower in self-protectiveness? No, she does not. She has her vulnerable spots, for sure, but mostly she is as open and welcoming as anybody who has not been violated so. Unlike you, Paris, Prague is forgiving.,And speaking of forgiving, I hope you will forgive me my change of heart. You may call it a mid-life crisis, but I’m not ready to dismiss it so easily. I mean our relationship has been a sweet blessing in my life, and I regret not one moment spent drinking coffee in your smoky cafes and glorious nights learning your alabaster curves. Notre Dame in the first light of day. Boulevard St. Germain in the last.,You are a wonder, Paris. But I know you so well now, and maybe that’s the problem. You have become predictable to me, monochromatic, and I require something more colorful. Prague, she is a devilish one who makes me young again. I am left with no choice but to pursue her.,So, I guess this is au revoir. Thank you for the years you have let me love you. And while I don’t expect it, if you choose to respond, you may find me, not sipping a velvety Bordeaux in the Marais, but rather, fresh with a new lover’s sweat, drinking a pilsner in Wenceslas Square.I rest assured that you will always have worshippers. You will never want for uninitiated American youth on their junior year abroad or honeymoon couples ready to hand you their hearts. But I am done trying. I have to stop pretending that you ever cared for me the way I did for you.,Yours sincerely,,Sandra, ,This unique Japanese destination, Itsukushima Island, features a historic shrine, views of huge torii gate, walking trails, sumptuous seafood and feral deer.,Hiroshima is a global destination because of the existence of Atomic Bomb Dome, a World Heritage Site identified in 1996. The bombed area has another World Heritage Site, Itsukushima Shrine, where its bedding is submerged in seawater at full tide. From the shrine pavilion, you can also see a huge vermillion torii gate towering on the sea surface.,The Atomic Bomb Dome is located in the central part of Hiroshima City, the capital of Hiroshima Prefecture, and is easily accessible from JR Hiroshima Station as the front door of the prefecture, where a bullet train makes a stop.,Itsukushima Shrine, however, requires you to make a little side trip from the terminal station, because the World Heritage shrine is on the seashore of the remote Itsukushima Island (commonly called Miya-jima Island).,Although Hiroshima City faces a bay and the sacred island with the shrine is in the bay, travelers inevitably have to move to some port and take a ferry across a strait.,What makes this island an important national cultural property is the landscape change. The shrine was built in 593 and later extended in a shorefront of the island.,Part of the foundations of the building and huge gate sink in water. At low tide, you can take a stroll on the moist sea bed to the huge torii gate standing offshore; and at high tide, you can look closely at tidal shifts from a veranda-like porch of the shrine and feel the salty air.,These unique personalities of the island contribute to its rating as one of the three most scenic spots in Japan.,The surroundings of the shrine also have a lot to offer. Along the anterior approach to the World Heritage Site, a medieval shrine town has been formed since the Kamakura era (1192-1333).,Souvenir stores, restaurants and cafés await international travelers. Temples and other shrines also dot the island, and there are walking trails to the peak of Mount Misen (535 meters, 1,755 feet) the highest summit of the island.,You will be also amazed at the number of feral deer walking through the tourist site. Oyster cultivation also is developing and you can enjoy delectable seafood. Steamed bean-jam buns (called momiji-manju, meaning maple leaf shaped buns) are standard fare for travelers.,The established shop Fujii-ya, founded in 1925 on Itsukushima Island (Miya-jima Island), offers beautiful and dainty momiji-manju.,If You Go,Itsukushima Island (Miya-jima Island) encompasses 31 kilometers (19 miles) and you can access it in a number of different ways.,The Atomic Bomb Dome sits along a broad river and a river port near the dome is open to travelers.,If you prefer boat travel, a 45-minute ferry ride brings you from the dome to Itsukushima (Miya-jima). Round-trip tickets are 3,600 yen (about $30).,If you start to travel to Itsukushima Shrine from JR Hiroshima Station, moving to JR Miyajima-guchi Station on JR Sanyohonsen Line, walking to the ferry port and heading to the island by water are ideal.,This transport requires about 50 minutes, which is the quickest route from JR Hiroshima Station, the front door of Hiroshima.,The transport charge totals 1,180 yen (about $10) for a round trip.,From the ferry port to Itsukushima (Miya-jima island), you have to choose one ferry from two options. Both of the fares, migration time, services and timetables are similar, but I would recommend JR Ferry, not Matsudai Kisen Ferry, for novices because only JR Ferry runs close to the colossal shrine gate standing offshore. Travelers can take pictures of the gate on a ship without a telephoto lens.,It is fabulous to visit any time, but taking a ferry at high tide is highly recommended.,Author Bio: Masayoshi Sakamoto（坂本正敬）is a Japanese writer and translator based in Toyama, Japan. He writes news and columns for a number of publications and web magazines. He’s also in preparation for contributing to a new local magazine, HokuRoku as the editor-in-chief.,Myanmar is a country in transition. Yet despite its struggles, Myanmar’s welcoming people, fascinating culture and rich experiences make it well worth the visit. Here’s why you’ll want to visit.,There is very little that can entice me to get up at 4 a.m., but how often do you get a chance to bathe a Buddha?,And not just any Buddha, but one that the actual real Buddha is said to have embraced.,The statue at Maha Muni Pagoda in Mandalay, Myanmar is believed to be one of only five likenesses of Buddha created during his lifetime.,And the daily cleansing ritual for the hundreds of pilgrims who attend is both literal and spiritual. It’s just one of the many unusual experiences embodied in Myths and Mountains’ Myanmar Odyssey Tour.,But the face that Myanmar – formerly known as Burma – is a beautiful and fascinating country that deserves to be visited and appreciated cannot be considered in a vacuum.,The current bloodshed in the northern Rakhine Province where Muslim refugees are either being persecuted or are themselves Bangladesh terrorists, depending upon whom you ask, is part of the equation. But more on that later.,Starting our travel in Myanmar with a visit to Yangon’s Shwedagon Pagoda was like beginning a trip to Switzerland at the top of the Alps.,There’s only one way to go after that, no matter how beautiful the descent. Built in 525 B.C., the immense complex is overwhelming to navigate and disarming to reflect upon – except for the escalators.,They were a surprise. Very prescient folks, I thought, some 2600 years ago. It was hard not to feel humbled by the mystique, magic and magnificence of the cosmically vast structure.,We were invited to participate in the nightly candle lighting ceremony, said to promote longevity. We were at first quite honored – until we realized that the expectation was that we would light all 1000 wicks.,Fortunately, other visitors chose to participate in the process. Otherwise, we would still be there.,The many shrines, pagodas, temples, stupas and monasteries that followed continued the sense of awe embodied in the attitudes of both the faithful and the infidels who visit there.,Golden pagodas are as plentiful as the Golden Arches here, and there are stupas on every street corner instead of Starbucks.,Some pagodas are so lit up with gold-leaf engravings and flashing neon lights that I momentarily thought I might have been at a Disneyworld Buddhaland exhibit.,It was sort of the sacred bordering on the sacrilegious. Then humbled returned.,A visit to Shan State, home to 34 minorities, all of whom have different cultures, language, foods and clothes, boasted a much more other-worldly and ethereal terrain than Yangon.,If, as our guide Willy kept reminding us, Myanmar has been so “isolated” – always conveyed in a conspiratorial whisper – here the feeling was even more remote.,Just the presence of so many water buffalo let us know we were in another world.,Perhaps that’s why stopping at a vineyard for a wine tasting seemed totally incongruous, but I overcame my initial surprise to happily indulge.,A visit to Inle Lake was more in keeping with the area. With its serpentine series of canals navigated by long, narrow boats, Inle is reminiscent of Venice and its gondolas, with an equal amount of commerce conducted on water.,But even out-Venicing Venice, the houses, shops and schools are all on stilts – plus floating gardens missing in the Italian city. The hill tribe villages as well are very different from Venice’s cosmopolitan vibe.,Nor have I ever seen a gondolier steer his boat or catch a fish with one leg wrapped around an oar, an amazing feat for which the Inthas are famous.,If every pagoda, shrine and stupa you visit on the ground is impressive, imagine floating over 2200 of them in a hot air balloon.,Such was the glorious adventure in Bagon. It was like watching over them all from heaven if only Buddha believed in heaven. Although, at this point, with my eyes glazing over at the mere mention of another pagoda.,The thought of actually having to visit any of them once back on the ground made me want to stay in the balloon indefinitely. The champagne breakfast awaiting us perked me up.,Fortunately, there is a lot more to appeal to visitors beyond pagodas. The local markets, small villages and contacts with people leading their everyday lives, usually in the form of making something by hand, greatly contributed to the experience.,The story of everyday life was everywhere. And everywhere people were making things by hand, often out of materials which are themselves hand-made.,We visited a shoemaker and his family – ironically one of few places we didn’t have to remove ours, a de rigueur exercise at every pagoda.,He is the only person in Myanmar to make shoes for people with disabilities, by hand of course.,We saw silver smiths, weavers and lacquer workshops, a parasol factory, a textile workshop, a bronze casting arena, and sellers of jade and teak furniture.,The  labor-intensive levels of individual craftsmanship was awe-inspiring.,It was like watching God individually mold the different segments of the moon over a month’s time.,Then painting each night’s lunar orb with different brushes tinged with hues of gold and yellow, red and white with painstaking precision. That was the level of Myanmar craftsmanship.,Our local connection continued at a street-long Jade Market comprised of huge slabs of Jade not yet chiseled to the tiniest of stones to a comparably-sized market of marble with statues, not surprisingly mostly of Buddhas, in every stage of development.,We watched workers carving, scraping, hammering, polishing, painting, washing blocks and blocks of stone, populated by pure white images of various sizes.,Then it was on to another workshop in a different medium – this time wood carving. More hammering – also whirring, smoothing, tapping, pounding, appliquéing – and this time Buddha had company; we found many animals, women in prayer and other decorative items made of teak.,More everyday life was evident on Yangon’s Circular train which takes workers, students, vendors, shoppers to wherever they need to be for a mere 30 cents for a 3-hour round trip.,The fact that the train we were waiting for arrived on the other side of the platform fazed no one, so naturally, we just crossed the tracks. In the States, we’d be arrested – or worse, dead.,The train was rundown and crowded, but cheap and functional, not unlike the markets. Rumor has it that all modes of transportation are being renovated under Aung Sun Suu Kyi, known affectionately to the locals as “The Lady.”,A young boy walked the aisles selling strawberries, limes, mangoes and oranges, for 50 cents – like a roving supermarket.,And to think on DC’s Metro, we can’t even bring our own food aboard. This exposure to a slice of life in Myanmar brought with it multiple slices of fruit, as well.,And more fruit, as well as every other aspect of the Burmese diet, showed up at the local markets which were teeming with people selling and cooking all kinds of foods and trinkets.,The babble of unfamiliar background noises lent its own exotic flavor to the compendium of other more tangible flavors.,Every inch on both sides of the narrow street, as well as right down its center, was covered with all kinds of veggies and meats and pasta, some familiar, some unrecognizable, which is true of everything we saw.,Negotiating among the throngs of people and produce presented its own challenges. Vendors sat on their haunches for hours in positions I suspect we would find difficult maintaining for more than a minute.,From monk to merchant, jade cutter to parasol maker, street vendor to silversmith, the people of Myanmar added a rich diversity to a country known primarily for its many stunning edifices devoted to Buddha and his followers.,No article on travel in Myanmar can forgo a discussion on Rakhine Province. Over the last 10 years, Myanmar has been emerging from the Dark Ages to flirting with democracy, with the election, despite military rule, of Aung Sun Suu Kyi.,Now with the crackdown on the Rohinhga Muslims, the country is veering from the cusp of a tourism boom to being a pariah throughout worldwide media.,Prior to the trip, we were, of course, immersed in the worldwide condemnation of the alleged military atrocities visited upon the Muslim population in Rakhine Province and the resultant censure of the country’s first democratically-elected leader.,But the many Burmese I spoke to, not surprisingly, have a very different take. The Muslim refugees are either being persecuted or are themselves Bangladesh terrorists, depending upon whom you ask.,In a very over-simplified form, many say that the Rohingya Muslims – self-named and not recognized by the Burmese – are Bangladesh terrorists who want to take over Rakhine Province and make it their own state.,Many here claim that they shot up multiple police stations and have terrorized the Myanmar populace, and the military are only acting in self-defense. In addition, they say, Myanmar is a very poor country that cannot afford the education, medical care and housing of 700,000 illegal immigrants who provide no economic benefit.,And they want them to go back to Bangladesh where they belong. The U.N. and world media, they say, have gotten the situation all wrong. I think “Fake News” is the term they used.,As a visitor, it’s very hard to wrap one’s head around all the information, while also questioning just where all this information comes from.,Meanwhile, on the other side, Aung San Suu Kyi seems to be much beloved and has done a lot for the country in two years. Parks are now free to locals where before they were not; education as well.,Infrastructure changes are apparent; trains and buses have been modernized and made very affordable; corruption among the governing generals has been lessened; the economy has improved and religious constrains lifted.,Nonetheless, she is powerless, we were told, against the military which is pretty much still in control.,Clearly this is a country very much in transition.,No matter which perspective you accept, the more important question for tourists is whether to visit or not, especially when safety is not an issue as is the case here.,What is always true, when dealing with a government whose policies you reject, it is never the politicians who suffer when tourism decreases – it is always the people: the tour guides, hotels, restaurants, vendors and shopkeepers.,Myanmar has so much beauty and wonder and fascinating culture to offer that it is not only the country that will suffer if tourism declines, but so too the many travelers who may choose not to experience this magical, mystical, memorable journey.,For more information, visit https://mythsandmountains.com/trip/myanmar-odyssey-bagan-inle-monywa-ngapali-and-beyond.,Author Bio: Fyllis Hockman is a multi-award-winning travel journalist who has been traveling and writing for over 30 years – and is still as eager for the next trip as she was for the first. Her articles appear in newspapers across the country and websites across the internet., ,From scotch to castles, Edinburgh has it all. You could spend weeks exploring the Scottish capital, here’s what to see if you only have 24 hours.,Edinburgh has two nicknames. ‘The Athens of the North’ refers to a city of culture, art, literature, philosophy and science.,On the other hand, Edinburgh is gritty, earthy Auld Reekie, a place that laughs in the face of the affectations of the literati. Auld Reekie is about loud pubs, all-night parties and beer-fuelled poets.,With two such diverse faces, it’s no surprise that Scotland’s capital city spawned the tale of Jekyll and Hyde. It is also full to the brim of royal connections. There’s so much to see in Edinburgh, that you could easily spend a week here. But if you only have 24 hours, here are my suggestions for the best things to see and do in Edinburgh.,Morning: Start with a stroll through Holyrood Park, where it’s worth making the effort to walk to the top of craggy Arthur’s Seat, almost a miniature Scottish Highlands set in the middle of the busy city. Its impressive setting ensures fabulous king-of-the-world views over Edinburgh and across to the kingdom of Fife.,The nearby Palace of Holyroodhouse, which is drenched in history, is Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth 11’s official Scottish residence. Take a tour and relive the years when plotting, murder and all manner of shady goings-on took place.,One of its most famous residents was Mary, Queen of Scots. It was the setting for some of the most dramatic episodes of her reign. The Queen’s Gallery hosts a programme of changing exhibitions from the Royal Collection and for the Diamond Jubilee there is a stunning exhibition of over 100 specially selected objects.,Midday: Walk up the blast-from-the-past cobblestoned Royal Mile towards Edinburgh Castle and stop off at the Scotch Whisky Experience where you can see the world’s largest collection of Scotch Whisky – almost 3500 bottles!,One of the most famous whiskies is from Royal Lochnagar Distillery beside Balmoral Castle in Royal Deeside. Queen Victoria and her husband Prince Albert were once invited to visit the distillery by the original owner and turned up the following day with three of their children.,The visit was obviously successful because the Queen bestowed the distillery with the Royal Warrant, and thereafter occasionally liked to lace her tea with a wee dram.,Feeling peckish? The Scotch Whisky Experience also has a restaurant, ‘Amber’ which serves seasonal Scottish produce.,Afternoon: Perched on an extinct volcano at the top of the Royal Mile is Edinburgh Castle. This instantly recognizable fortress is Scotland’s number one visitor attraction, and it’s a powerful national symbol.,See the Scottish Crown Jewels, known as the ‘Honours of Scotland’ displayed beside the magnificent Stone of Destiny, coronation seat of Scottish kings. Mighty Mons Meg, a 15th-century siege cannon is here too. Many visitors time their visit to see – and hear – the One O’Clock Gun fired daily from the battlements. (Mind your eardrums though.),While in regal mode, visit the Royal Yacht Britannia at the nearby port of Leith, one of Scotland’s trendiest areas, home to Michelin starred restaurants and with a lively waterside scene. A guide will show you round the Yacht’s state apartments and elegant living quarters where monarchs and world leaders were entertained, men knighted and important national business conducted.,Interesting facts flow thick and fast – in her 44-year life as the royal yacht for the British royal family, she sailed more than one million miles; she could create her own drinking water and the crew’s orders were given by hand signal to preserve tranquillity. The Royal Deck Tea Room is where the family enjoyed drinks receptions or played deck games, here you can relax and enjoy afternoon tea in these once regal surroundings.,Retail therapy beckons? Jenners, Edinburgh’s most famous and best-loved department store is where you will find everything you could possibly want, including tastefully tartan-packaged gifts aplenty. Dating back to 1838, it claims to be the world’s oldest independent department store.,Be prepared with a little extra room for your Scottish shopping excursion with a suitcase from Samsonite. Proven to be durable and versatile to fit all your travel needs, and then some. Check out their selection of new bags here.,Evening: There can be no more magical setting for dinner than The Witchery by the Castle. Give your taste buds a treat as you enjoy the best of Scotland’s larder in this landmark building built in the 16th century for Edinburgh merchant Thomas Lowthian. The original carved door lintel can still be made out with his initials and the motto “O lord in thee is all my traist, 1595”.,After all that, if you have any energy left, round off your day and play spot-the-celebrity with a cocktail at the Opal Lounge, a favourite venue of Prince William when he was a student at nearby St Andrews.,www.visitscotland.com/surprise,Mark Greenaway: The Rooms www.restaurantmarkgreenaway.com/the-rooms,Check out all of the different hotels around Edinburgh here. If your looking for a more private stay then check out the home rentals here.,The witchery by the Castle www.thewitchery.com,Author’s Bio: Gilly Pickup is a Scottish freelance journalist who lives in London, UK. She is a travel and cruise specialist but also writes features on wellbeing, women’s interest, food, pets and more. Her first book, the ‘A-Z of Curious London’ will be published in 2013. Her website is at www.gillypickup.co.uk.,Celebrate African-style island life just off the coast of Tanzania.,It’d been the trip from hell, stuck for two weeks with an incompetent sociopath punishing his passengers and beat-up Land Rover from South Africa overland through Zimbabwe, Zambia and Malawi, into Tanzania.,By now I was stark raving tired of waiting eight hours between meals and dodging ambling highway hippos after dark in torrential rains.,I had found Mr. Strange (his actual name; I should have known …) over the Internet. The former Baptist minister who looked like actor Leslie Nielson was traveling with his two adult kids from South Africa to Kenya.,I got along famously with his offspring, and pre-paid for the ride after meeting with them because the father seemed quite all right at the time as well.,Then we hit the road and he revealed his true self. When we arrived in Dar es Salaam I grabbed the chance and left our too-strange driver behind, jumping on the ferry to Zanzibar, hoping for some solitary R&R.,The word Zanzibar is magical, but how does reality compare?,Picture an exotic, remote and largely unknown island of spice, the tail that wagged the dog of a vast continent for centuries.,The stronghold of sultans and the central shipping-off point for Africa’s infamous slave trade from 1822 through the 1880s.,Today, Zanzibar (in the local dialect of Swahili known as Unguja) has morphed into East Africa’s party central.,With its fine white beaches fronting a paradise for snorkeling and diving, picturesque sailing dhows and atmospheric architecture with a genuine African flair.,After ping-ponging between colonial powers during the Great Wars, Zanzibar and Tanganyika finally grabbed independence in 1964 and merged to become Tanzania (the name is a composite of Tanganyika and Zanzibar).,Today, Zanzibar is an autonomic part of the Tanzanian union, and actually consists of two islands. ,The smaller Pemba (380 square miles; 984 km²) to the north and the main island of Zanzibar (640 square miles; 1,658 km²), separated by a 22-mile–wide (35 km) channel from the mainland.,As the ferry scraped the dock, a Rastafarian guy buttonholed me, introduced himself as Boniface, and asked what hotel I was off to.,Right away I saw a scam coming, the sort of tout that leaches on tourists worldwide. Yet I was leery of awakening a sleeping sociopath, so I answered kindly, “The Haven,” pointing to the guidebook entry.,Boniface did a double take. “That’s my hotel,” he said. “I run it.” “Get out of here,” I said. Boniface looked twenty-something and raggedy, and I hoped he’d take my request seriously.,But then a tout never accepts the hotel you pick, instead, steering you to the one offering him a kickback gratuity.,“Serious, man. I’ll give you a ride over. And if you don’t like it, though you picked it out, I’ll find you another hotel. Here are the guys riding with me.”,He introduced me to Joey and Justin, Americans serving the Peace Corps in Zambia, teaching the locals to plant fruit orchards for self sufficiency. Justin said, “Nothing like R&R in Zanzibar.”,I didn’t like The Haven and, sure enough, Boniface found me another hotel.,I felt welcome in Zanzibar, with R&R instantly seeping into my veins.,R&R was everyone’s story as they frittered away sultry holidays kicking back in the island’s cosmopolitan capital, Zanzibar City.,With its world-famous old quarter called Stone Town, and soaking up rays on the endless pristine beaches.,I took a more proactive approach, giddy on being AWOL from a certifiable nut case.,I explored the labyrinth of Stone Town’s narrow, winding alleys overhung by balconies; investigated the colorful bazaars; took the famous spice tour raved about in all the guide books; and glanced at a couple of beaches and coral reefs.,Zanzibar City (population about 160,000) is a World Heritage Site with ancient Moorish buildings dating back to the 1100s.,Arab traders began swooping down the African coast in the 8th century, riding the northerly winds for thousands of kilometers in billowing dhows.,I sipped exotic juices and watched similar dhows spooling past my outdoor café fronting the uncannily blue water, surrounded by history.,Zanzibar was officially founded as a Portuguese trading depot in the 16th century.,It remained fairly insignificant for the next 300 years, until the Sultan of Oman decided to move his court from Muscat, Oman, to Zanzibar in 1832.,The Arab influence grew steadily, and the strategically important island flourished to become a major center of the East African ivory and slave trade.,United States, British and German trading vessels visited regularly. It is estimated that between 6,000 and 10,000 slaves were traded daily in the early 1800s.,I wandered over to Creek Road, bisecting Stone Town. To the east of the road sit brutal stone blocks with rusty eye rings for tethering human merchandise.,The main slave market was a few blocks to the west, crammed between a massive stone church and a multi-pointed mosque.,I immediately became lost in alleyways of crocodilian crookedness.,So I wandered aimlessly, under jutting balconies and past innumerable displays of African arts and crafts, finally happening upon a crenellated Portuguese fort (known as “Old Fort”) with the remnants of an old chapel inside dating back to the 1550s.,Next door to the fort I entered Zanzibar’s tallest building, Beit el Ajaib, a very large, square-shaped building with several stories, surrounded by tiers of pillars and balconies and adorned with a large clock tower.,It was originally constructed in 1883 as a ceremonial palace, but was renamed the House of Wonders, as it was the city’s first building to have electricity and an elevator.,The House of Wonders hosts Zanzibar’s museum, which is worth the US$ 3 admission for its meticulous history of Zanzibar and fourth-floor veranda offering a 360-degree panorama over Stone Town.,I spent half an hour circling the veranda, trying to pinpoint the many places where I’d already gotten lost.,Also worth a visit is the Palace Museum, originally called the Sultan’s Palace; it was built in the late 1890s as a residence for members of the royal family.,Today, the large white building with castellated battlements, coral rag walls and traditional boriti (mangrove pole) supported floors, showcases much of the original furniture and includes displays about Zanzibar’s colorful history.,There are also several mosques to visit, an Arab fort, and Anglican and Roman Catholic cathedrals.,On the seafront sits Mercury’s Pub, named after Freddy, a Zanzibar native who never returned after founding what for many is the greatest rock band of the 1980s.,When Freddy died of AIDS in 1991, Queen boasted 10 albums in the world’s top 100.,I enjoyed Mercury Pub’s live acts, such as the Cultural Musical Club, a band featuring Zanzibar’s own music fueled by violins, a bass, harpsi keyboard and accordion. (Zanzibar was briefly a German colony.),Every evening at sundown I’d gather with a hundred others to sample the skewers of a half-dozen fish varieties, squid, prawn and lobster sold from little barbeque stands on the waterfront off Stone Town’s Jamaturi Gardens.,It was a fabulous feast for a few bucks, easily topped off with gelato or watermelon.,I had both while admiring the sunset with silhouetted dhows.,Then I’d wander over to the former British Club, transformed into the venerable Africa House Hotel, for post-sunset toasts with new friends. Then we’d retire next door for jazz at La Fenice.,I spent a full day taking photos starring a cacophony of fancily dressed ladies; ornately carved doors and balconies; cashew-nut vendors.,African crafts, from hard wood carvings to batik; rocking church services; and grand sit-down food orgies at multi-star hotels on the romantic beach front.,Don’t miss the spice tour, the cheapest kick on the island: eight hours for US$ 10, including lunch and all the raw spices you can ingest.,I tasted vanilla, clove, mace, cocoa, cinnamon, five kinds of pepper and turmeric, and could have done with a toothbrush before lunch.,An interesting part of the tour was being the only male surrounded by female tourists from South Africa, Germany, Finland, the UK and the United States.,The week fled fast, with impromptu parties and sunset reveries. Far too soon I stepped off the ferry in Dar es Salaam.,And there on the shore, waiting for me and the last leg of my prepaid trip, was the madman from South Africa, who instantly banished, at least for the time, my fond memories of the idyllic R&R in Zanzibar.,Dar es Salaam is the aviation capitol of Tanzania, receiving direct flights from most European capitals with connections from the United States. Ferry tickets to Zanzibar cost US$ 30 to US$ 40 each way for foreigners, depending on the ferry line and the hawker selling tickets.,Hotels on Zanzibar range from superb to ratty. The superb include the Zanzibar Serena Inn, overlooking the sea. I liked the landmark Tembo House Hotel, located on the seafront in Stone Town. Also to recommend is the Zanzibar Beach Resort and the Dhow Palace Hotel, which was particularly lovely, with large rooms, antique furniture, fridge and all the accoutrements.,All hotels can be booked and prepaid over the Internet at about 50 percent of the published rates.,Zanzibar Net: www.zanzibar.net,Africa Travel Resource: Zanzibar,www.allaboutzanzibar.com, ,Near Oregon’s Cascade Range, the small town of Bend offers family travelers unique experiences, from cave tours to picnics near waterfalls.,Some 20 years ago, the small town of Bend, nestled on the east side of the Cascade Range, was hidden from almost everyone outside of the state of Oregon.,In the early 2000s, when a wave of people from other states flooded the Portland area to explore its beaches, mountains and rivers, some began to trickle southeast to Bend. In the past 20 years, Bend’s population has almost doubled, landing at about 100,000 people in 2019.,Admittedly no longer a hidden spot, Smith Rock still qualifies as a gem you don’t want to miss. An internationally renowned rock-climbing destination that sits about 20 miles north of Bend, Smith Rock offers so much more than climbing.,Bend emits a casual vibe with people wearing typical Pacific Northwest attire: fleece and puffy coats in winter, flip flops and shorts in summer. While nicer restaurants abound, diners may be wearing denim.,Many Bend residents live to play, and they may leave work to head to the ski runs of Mount Bachelor or to paddle down the Deschutes River. Travelers relish Bend’s slow pace and its 360 days of sunshine.,While the town has officially been discovered, it still maintains some secrets.,Filled with activities for lovers of the outdoors, food, animals, and history, Bend makes a wonderful destination for traveling families. I’ve made several trips with my daughters, and we recommend these hidden gems in Bend that only the locals know.  ,While you enjoy all the local beauty, be ready for the ever-changing Oregon weather with layers from Sierra Trading Post. Pack light with just some moisture-wicking long sleeves for the big hikes and the essential ankle pants for the big meals after and you’re set! Check out all of their selection and outdoor gear here.,Let’s help our children appreciate streaming services!,At the purported last Blockbuster Video on planet Earth, you’ll be transported back to the 20th century as you wander aisles of blue and yellow.,If you’re like me, you’ll describe to your children the efforts you used to go through to watch a movie and stock up on souvenirs like a commemorative Blockbuster membership card and a t-shirt declaring, “Be Kind. Rewind!”,About 20 miles north of Bend, you’ll find a stock of well-kept alpacas at Crescent Moon Ranch. Enter a small shop on the property to purchase a few dollars’ worth of alpaca food, packaged in small Ziplock bags, and examine the lovely alpaca wool sweaters, shawls, and socks.,In the fields, my daughter and I were fortunate to see alpacas born that morning. You may approach, pet and feed any gentle beast that walks over, apart from the babies.,With views of the Three Sisters and Mount Jefferson to the east and cliffs of Smith Rock State Park to the north, you might have trouble pulling yourselves away., If gelato can be healthy, you’ll find it at Bontà. Their gelato is always free of artificial colors, flavors, stabilizers and preservatives, and they use organic, fair-trade ingredients when possible.,You may sample traditional flavors, like stracciatella or hazelnut, though I encourage you to branch out to their specialty creations like honey lavender and marionberry sorbetto. You won’t regret it.,If there’s a mark of what makes a town a good place to live, an independent bookshop might just be it. And Dudley’s Bookshop Café has all the hallmark traits, including worn, comfortable seating, top-notch coffee and beloved titles at reasonable prices.,Wander Bend’s downtown core, and then make a stop at Dudley’s when you need a sip or a rest. You may not walk out empty-handed.,With about 650 acres, visitors can picnic near the river, hike, bike or visit the playground, all within views of the Three Sisters and Mount Jefferson. Dogs are welcome too.,Entering Oregon’s longest intact lava tunnel is like entering another world. Learn about the geography of these landforms and the history of the volcanic area during this easy, two-mile round-trip walk.,The entrance just 12 miles south of Bend. Pack your headlamps and jackets, even in midsummer because it is chilly in the cave.,Under a half-hour from Bend, you’ll find the majestic 97-foot-high Tumalo Falls. Popular with locals, the falls lie just a few minutes past the trailhead, so the hike is achievable for capable people of any age.,Stop by the waterfall with your picnic or continue on your way for a longer hike.,Situated just south of Bend, the High Desert Museum celebrates the flora, fauna and cultures of the region.,Children may enjoy watching the porcupines and otters scamper, learning about the indigenous groups that call Central Oregon home or visiting Miller Ranch where actors homestead like it’s 1904, inviting children to garden and feed chickens.,Not exactly a hidden gem, but not to be missed.,Bend, Oregon can keep you busy for days, and when you tire of the places mentioned above, simply lounge by the lovely Deschutes River in downtown Bend, at Drake Park. Making memories is easy in Bend.,Ready to experience the American Northwest without hitting a major city? Plan your trip to Bend, Oregon at Travelocity and TripAdvisor, where you can find everything you need to know, from local reviews on hikes to daily hotel deals.,Explore the city further on a tour with GetYourGuide. From a Half-Day Cascade Lakes Kayak Tour or a little more extreme on the Expert Guided Volcano Tour, GetYourGuide has top-rated experiences that will make your trip to Bend unforgettable.,Author’s Bio: Originally from the East Coast of the United States, Stephanie Tolk has been in Portland, Oregon since 2000, where she lives with her husband and two daughters. Stephanie has volunteered, worked, lived, backpacked, and traveled in over 40 countries, spending over four years of her life abroad. She speaks a little Dutch, a little French, and a lot of Bambara. You can read more of Stephanie’s work at stephanietolk.medium.com.,Are you ready for your own solo adventure? Here are 10 quotes to inspire you.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Here are 10 quotes to inspire you when planning your next solo escape:,“I think one travels more usefully when they travel alone, because they reflect more.”,” A ship is safe in the harbor, but that’s not what ships are built for.”,The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.,The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.,The value of an idea is in the using of it.,Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.,The most useless are those who never change through the years.,Well done is better than well said.,Life is something everyone should try at least once.,A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.,Hope you enjoyed these top quotes to inspire your travels.,Learn how the relatively unknown Iwate Prefecture in Tohoku offers the chance for an authentic Japan experience of local food and craft.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Located in Tohoku–the northern area of Honshu, the main island of Japan, Iwate Prefecture might not be a familiar name to most travelers. However, it would be a pity to skip this lovely area on your next Japan trip as this largest prefecture of the Tohoku region has tons of things to offer.,For example, Iwate Prefecture has Morioka City as its capital and largest city. Furthermore, it is surrounded by Oshu City, Hanamaki City and a number of smaller towns and cities facing Japan’s Pacific Ocean coast. Visitors can reach Tohoku and Iwate using the Tohoku Shinkansen departing from Tokyo Station.

While most visitors to Japan tend to have Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto on their itinerary, Iwate Prefecture is a rising star for its undiscovered landscape of Japan. It’s also a land of incredible sights, inspiring people and fascinating experiences.,Want to experience deep Japan in the most authentic and inspiring way possible? Plan an adventure through the wild north that is Iwate. Following is a look at what to expect with the food and craft in Iwate Japan. You can also read more in our guide to Tohoku.,Being the second biggest prefecture in Japan, Iwate, with a combination of both highland and the sea, has a bountiful culinary background. So, the first dish you should try is the award-winning Maesawa Beef.,Being light and flavorful, the taste of this regional farm-raised beef is excellent. It is recommended to visit Sasachu, a sukiyaki restaurant in Oshu City treasured by visitors from all over Japan. Here is where to enjoy their signature beef sukiyaki.,Then if you are a fan of seafood, we suggest you head to the nearby Kamaishi City. A brief 5-minute-walk from the station leads you to Miyakawa, a restaurant located inside a fish market. Be prepared to enjoy a feast with multiple dishes using the best seasonal local ingredients.,Last but not least, The Burger Hearts located just south of Kamaishi City in Ofunato City, is quite a twist on your Iwate trip. It offers over 20 hamburger options in an interior reminiscent of an American diner.,Koishihama Scallop Burger and burgers using Yamagata Village Shorthorn Wagyu beef are some of their signature dishes.,Iwate ironware, called Nambu Tekki Ironware, traces its origins back to the 17th century, maintaining its traditions while meeting the challenges of modern design.,Production of this traditional ironware began because of the growing need for tea utensils. This is why it is often identified with the tetsubin (iron kettle) and kyusu (teapot).,High-quality iron is the major material of Nambu Tekki. Since this ironware dissolves bivalent iron into boiled water, it helps supplement iron in the diet. It’s said that this ironware effectively removes chlorine from tap water and gives it a mellow taste.,At the Oigen store in Oshu City, you can find a wide variety of ironware products with sophisticated, contemporary designs. From teapots and kettles of different sizes to cookware and decorations. Products in the Oigen store display both the skill of the artisans as well as the simple yet elegant designs.,Be sure to check out their newest sub-brand, Mugu. This embodies Oigen’s motivation to ‘keep traditions alive while embracing modern influence.’ Visiting their open factory to have a glimpse of how things were made is also a good idea.,Business Hours: 9:00-17:00,How to get there: 10 minutes on foot from Mizusawa Esahi Station,Need more details to plan your trip to Tohoku? Read part 1 of our guide to Tohoku here, or visit https://www.japan.travel/en/tohoku-colors/,You never know what to expect when you try the bus system in Nepal.,Wednesday morning was fine and cool. The sun emerged from behind the Annapurna mountain-giants with authority, casting a warm glow over Pokhara. Today we planned to travel to Bhaktapur, near Kathmandu, to stay with friends before leaving Nepal. It would turn out to be an eventful journey.,Nepal, a sovereign Independent Kingdom between Tibet and India, has often been called a land of contrasts, with a range of transport options to match. We had traveled in buses with holes in the floor, dugout canoes, on elephants, in rickshaws, and in tiny three-wheeled minibuses that sound like lawnmowers. But today Nepal would find a new experience for us – a parting gesture, a memento.,Today’s journey began at the bus-park, where people milled around a collection of stalls selling delicious coffees, chaiya (sweet milk tea), fresh fruit, and hot breakfast food. We bought some bananas and oranges and sat with other bus passengers around an open fire with a cup of chaiya, waiting for our boarding instructions.,The Newspaper Mystery,A group of boys expertly stowed the bags and by 7:30 we were ready to go. The boys worked deftly, with the skill of craftsmen. Every square foot of roof space and every possible inch of vacant seat space were used. I noticed a copy of the Kathmandu Post near the driver’s seat and reached to pick it up.,“No, no,” came the driver’s response. “I am reading. Then my friend is reading.”,The paper was whisked away from me.,“I wonder what all that was about,” I said to Karen.,“He probably hasn’t read it yet. Maybe he’ll let you read it later,” my wife replied.,We rolled out of town to a clear sky, our driver enthusiastically punishing the gears. He was the picture of concentration, complete with beanie and bandana facemask as protection from the dust of the dry season and highway traffic fumes. With curiosity, I noticed that none of the driver’s friends were interested in reading the paper. It just lay there on the seat.,In seven hours we would travel 200 kilometers along the Prithvi Highway from Pokhara to Kathmandu. The road crosses Nepal’s Middle Hills with views of deep valleys and terraced hillsides, often following major rivers that provide the country with a quarter of its power through hydroelectricity, and tourists with serious rapids.,Roadside shanty-towns punctuate the journey, populated by opportunists looking to exploit the passing trade. Around halfway there is a turn-off to Gorkha. This hillside town with its incredible palace and temples was home to King Prithvi Narayan Shah in the 18th century. During a period of 30 years this extraordinary man unified a country of disjointed principalities without resorting to violence. He created a state able to resist the colonial armies that had conquered almost every other Asian country, defending the country with the now legendary Gorkha (Gurkha) soldiers.,Things Get Worrying,Three hours into the trip we passed the Gorka turnoff. By now, conversation had ceased as passengers slept, read and munched trail-food. Sagging seats were packed with clothes as relief against the road’s imperfections.,From my seat, I watched Nepal pass by. At the junction town of Mugling, the Marsyangdi and Trisuli rivers join to form the Narayani, a tributary of the holy Ganges. Another road turns south toward the fertile plains of the Terai, home to the Royal Chitwan National Park. We continued east, climbing toward the rim of the Kathmandu Valley. Then things got worrying.,Road conditions improved slightly, apparently signaling to the driver a need to travel at speeds far in excess of what most observers would call “safe”. The contours of the road, however, did not improve. We climbed rapidly and soared around many blind corners offering views of steep embankments and deep valleys.,Passengers previously pre-occupied with sleeping and reading were now alert and pre-occupied with looking out the window. It was not just our driver we were worried about. Besides the window views of precipitous gorges and hillsides, we braced for the onslaught of rapidly approaching trucks and buses coming the other direction. It appears the game of “chicken” was invented in Nepal.,We passed a truck on its side, and later, another on its roof. No one seemed concerned. Apparently this was a common sight along the road.,Outside our window, at the bottom of a deep canyon, the white-water rapids of the Trisuli River rushed toward their destiny with the Ganges. Karen and I looked at the rapids and then at each other: We would both rather be white-water rafting than on this bus!,Then the vehicle stopped.,Who is This Masked Man? ,We sat dazed, pleased to have relief from the roller-coaster ride, but curious about why we had stopped. Someone spotted the driver at the back of the bus. He was jumping excitedly, waving his arms around and pointing. He was shouting for us to join him.,We filed off the bus, making our way cautiously toward the masked driver and his friends. The driver beckoned with his arm, as his friends peered over the edge of the cliff.,“Look, look,” the driver laughed, pointing again, this time to the bottom of the gorge. “Tuesday’s bus,” he said.,He laughed louder now, almost maniacally, and his friends joined him in some bizarre epitaph to the twisted wreck of yesterday’s bus in the valley hundreds of feet below us. Yesterday’s bus!,Nobody spoke. Maybe the driver’s mask wasn’t for protection against the elements. Maybe it was a disguise. Maybe this guy was a Maoist extremist and he didn’t want to be identified. Maybe he was just crazy. Whatever he was, he was back in the bus, and the engine roared to life as he prepared to continue our voyage of discovery. Strangely, we all quietly boarded the bus and sat down like school children threatened with detention if we didn’t behave.,The Newspaper Mystery Solved,Ten minutes later, we stopped at a roadside restaurant to stretch our legs and break up the trip. We returned to the bus ahead of the other passengers, and I saw the forbidden paper lying on the seat. Since no one was around, I picked it up. And there it was, on the second page.,The story explained that several people were injured yesterday, some critically, in a serious bus accident fuelled by “unnecessarily aggressive driving” outside of Mugling on the main Pokhara-Kathmandu highway.,“Maybe he didn’t want us reading it and worrying unnecessarily,” I reasoned.,“Maybe he didn’t want us spoiling his surprise,” said Karen.,We made it to Kathmandu and to our friends in Bhaktapur. There were no further incidents, and we recalled our tale around the dinner table, laughing at events that only hours before had us secretly praying for reprieve.,But Karen and I swallowed as we realized the terrifying truth: Somewhere in Nepal, there was an abandoned bus named after every day of the week.,Tips, Traps and More,Tip: Guesthouses are the go. Experience culture and comfort for less than half the price of a hotel. You’ll pay between $4 and $30.,Tip: Meet the people and save a bundle. Explore local markets, then picnic in a medieval square and feast on Nepal’s soul.,Tip: Visit from October to April to see the best weather. Things get sticky during the May to September monsoon season.,Trap: Walking? Get a decent topographical map (Schneider’s is good), and plan your walks to minimise steep uphill sections.,Trap: Taxis and three-wheeled “tempos” are plentiful and cheap but bargain hard – BEFORE you get in! Buses? Well, you’ve read about them!,Trap: Schedule showers for the afternoon. Solar power is popular and afternoons are your best chance of success.,More: Check out www.travel-nepal.com and www.visitnepal.com. I used Lonely Planet, Rough Guide and Moon books for planning, and “Culture Shock Nepal” (John Burbank) and “At Home in the Himalayas” (Christina Noble) were great reads.,Author bio: Bored with the treadmill of capitalism and a successful Information Technology career in South Australia, Dave Underwood is looking for something a little more spiritual these days. Blessed with the “travel chromosome” and a fierce passion for gritty red wine and grittier blues music, most of his spare time goes to exploring new destinations and cultures with his wife and friend of 22 years, writing about it, and peddling the results.,Th is very amazing adventurous experience. It is very very memorable memory. I love the tour. Thank you for the post for the sharing this post.,COol,With endless arts, deep culture and picturesque parks Geneva is one of the most interesting cities in the world. Here are the best sights in this Switzerland destination.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Think of Switzerland and your mind is aglow with images of enchantingly rolling hills, snow clad mountaintops, pristine lakes and picturesque villages straight out of fairy tales. But the cities of Switzerland are equally impressive as I discovered during a family vacation to Geneva.,Brimming with art and architecture, culture and history, these cities provide an added impetus to visitors who want to see more than the icons of the Swiss natural world.,Our red-eye flight from New York landed at Genève Aéroport under a bright blue early morning sky. The journey from the airport to the city center was quick via taxi, only about twenty minutes.,Though if you are not bogged down by luggage, the train is a great option, (for which one can get a free ticket at the airport), taking only about seven minutes to deposit you into the city.,The city center is easily a highlight as we discovered on the way to our hotel, the Auteuil Manotel. It would be our base for the next three nights. The central location of the hotel meant that most tourist spots were within easy reach in this eminently walkable city. ,First glimpse – the magnificent lake, the amazing architecture, the breathtaking Alpine mountain views, all glittering and shimmering under crystal clear skies; I could not wait to start our sightseeing.,After a quick rest, we stepped out onto Rue de Lausanne, a busy thoroughfare like in any other city but with sleek trams running back and forth. Remember that anyone staying in a hotel, hostel or campground can receive a free public transportation card for the duration of their stay in Geneva for citywide use. ,We wanted to venture out to Lac Léman, more famously known as Lake Geneva, forged in a crescent shape from the Rhône River, the city being situated on the lake’s southwest tip. It is the largest Alpine lake and the largest water body of Switzerland with its southern shore hugging France.,In the distance, we could view the snowy peaks of the French and Swiss Alps. We reached the lake promenade and found wondrous scenery around us. Scores of boats and yachts were bobbing in the translucent blue waters, charming and graceful mute swans were swimming by. ,We sat upon a bench, soaking in the atmosphere and suddenly I gasped in astonishment. I had noticed the Geneva Water Fountain, the Jet d’ Eau, a fountain like no other and the iconic visual landmark in Geneva.,Built in 1886 to release and control the built up pressure of a hydraulic plant, it soon racked up aesthetic value. In present times, the water reaches up an astonishing height of 460 feet and gets illuminated with lights on fall and spring evenings.   ,Sitting on a bench in the area surrounding the fountain, you will also see the Mont Blanc Bridge or the Pont du Mont Blanc, another Geneva icon. Spanning the Rhòne River as it separates from Lake Geneva, the bridge connects the left and right banks of the city. The bridge festooned with rows of flags creates a perfect backdrop for photo ops as you walk on its pedestrian paths. ,Vieille Ville or the Old Town of Geneva with its 2000 year history is an exquisite tangle of cobblestone streets, quaint squares, eclectic museums and a multitude of historic buildings. The oldest historical city in Switzerland is now filled with cafes, restaurants and hotels. To get an excellent overview of the Old Town, you could take a mini train tour which for us turned out to be a cheerful, fun ride. ,Saint Pierre Cathedral or St. Peter’s Cathedral as it’s called in English, looms over the Old Town. Though the site had a church since the 4th century, the cathedral was built between 1160-1252 and there were additions and reconstructions until the 18th century.,It is embodied in its architectural styles which range from the Gothic arches to the Neoclassical columns and pediment. Originally a Roman Catholic cathedral, it transformed into a Reformed Protestant church in the 16th century when it became the home church of John Calvin, the Reformation leader and thinker.,Visitors must not miss seeing Calvin’s chair and the Chapel of the Maccabees with its stunningly painted ceilings and the magical stained glass windows.,Only a few minutes walk from the cathedral, in the heart of the Old Town are two other places of interest. The Maison Tavel, a private residence from the 14th century, after a fire destruction and passing through many hands over the centuries, was restored beautifully by the city of Geneva in 1963 and converted into the Museum of Urban History and Daily Life in 1986.,Spend a few moments admiring the turrets and the carved heads on the building facade. If you have time take a tour of the recreated 18th and 19th century apartments, the vaulted 12th century cellars and the many temporary and permanent exhibits. ,We took a look at L’ancien arsenal or Old Arsenal, a group of five cannons that defended Geneva in olden times. Built as a granary in the 17th century, it became a storehouse for the military and is now the home of the State Archives. The cannons are displayed against magnificent wall frescoes which depict Geneva’s history.,At last to rest our tired legs after a day of sightseeing, we stopped at Bastions Park. As it is noted in the website geneve.ch, Geneva is one of the greenest cities in Europe. ,The Parc des Bastions boasts not just lush green spaces but also important monuments, restaurants and Geneva’s first botanical garden. As you enter the park, you will surely catch sight of the giant chess pieces. The Reformation Wall, an important Geneva monument, is located here.,The over 300 feet long white-colored sculpture of statues and reliefs is dedicated to the founders of the Reformationist movement, showing the likenesses of John Calvin, John Knox, Guillaume Farel and Thèodore de Bèze.,Le Jardin Anglaise or the English Garden is where you must go to see the floral masterpiece that defines Geneva. The Flower Clock or L’ Horloge Fleurie was designed in 1955 by the landscape architect Armand Auberson.,The clock, consisting of thousands of flowers and plants, is a tribute to the brilliance of Geneva watchmaking. The park itself was created in 1855, an urban oasis of meandering paths and hundred year old trees among its many attractions, capped by the splendid Four Seasons fountain. ,We stopped for a moment to click a picture of a monumental  statue of two bronze attired women looking out towards the lake. Also located in the English Garden, the National Monument, designed by sculptor Robert Dorer in 1869, depicts these two women with their arms around each other representing the unity of Geneva and Helvetia, the personification of Switzerland.  ,Also of note is the Brunswick Monument, a mausoleum built in 1873 as requested by the Duke of Brunswick, Charles d’Este-Guelph who wanted a majestic funeral and a monument after his death. Today it is a historical building and it’s neo-Gothic style and design replicates the 4th century A.D. Scaligeri family tomb of Verona. ,While there are no dearth of museums in Geneva, some of which you will see when visiting the Old Town or the verdant parks, there are some which require a visit of their own. These are the benchmark museums that are truly unique and distinctive.,The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Museum is dedicated entirely to the history of humanitarian work and also the life and work of the founder of the Red Cross, Henri Dunant, the recipient of the first Nobel Peace Prize in 1901. For me, visiting the museum was an unforgettable experience.,The various exhibits and many interactive displays give a highly emotional, oftentimes personal experience of the work done by this institution at times of wars, conflicts and natural disasters. ,Opposite to the Red Cross Museum is the historic Palais des Nations, known to the world as the United Nations. Built in the Art Deco style in the 1930s to house the erstwhile League of Nations, at least a short stop here too is a must.,We did not take a guided tour and instead enjoyed moments walking through Place des Nations. the beautiful open square in front of the UN graced by many choreographed fountains.,The sculpture, Broken Chair, will definitely catch your eye as it towers into the sky. The giant red chair with its broken leg was built as a symbol for nations to sign a treaty to ban landmines. ,The UN is situated in the gigantic Ariana Park, and right behind it is the Ariana Museum, a magnificent architectural splendor that showcases “arts of fire” objects as mentioned in the museum’s website. The exhibits cover twelve centuries of ceramic and glass art from Switzerland, Europe, the Middle and the Far East.,Beautiful things like Delft earthenware, blue porcelain figurines and objects, Meissen porcelain, stained glass as well as works by modern ceramic and glass artists can all be seen here. ,The Patek Philippe Museum is one of its kind, a homage to the watchmaking industry of Switzerland. Spend your time and lose track of it exploring watches and timepieces starting from the 16th century onwards.,You will walk through four floors learning and admiring the history of horology through not just antique and modern watches but also the instruments, tools and workbenches needed to create these masterpieces.,In addition, the bejeweled and enameled jewelry and snuffboxes will take your breath away. One slight drawback – no photography is allowed inside the museum.,Author Bio: Susmita Sengupta, an architect by background from New York City, loves to travel with her family. Her articles are published in many online travel magazines including at Go World Travel. ,Indulge in British tea tradition at spectacular Palm Court, where guest sip Earl Grey and nibble Napoleons.,My friends and I have reservations at The Ritz Hotel in London for afternoon tea; it’s a date we’ve anticipated for years. Don’t ask why, it’s just one of those things we’ve always wanted to do. Apparently, we’re not the only ones with such lofty ambitions, as reservations are required at least one month in advance.It seems tea is a very “in” thing to do nowadays; everyone wants to sip Earl Grey from fancy china while nibbling on cucumber sandwiches, scones and miniature Napoleons. Then again, thisisEngland, and tea is in their blood, although it wasn’t always that way.,The French are believed to have been the first to serve afternoon tea. Oh, not the fancy spread dished up today. There wasn’t any clotted cream to spread on light, airy scones or tiny tasty sandwiches with the crusts trimmed off. In the mid-1700s, tea was taken after meals as a digestive, straight up, no cream or sugar added.,Afternoon tea — with all the trimmings — wasn’t introduced in England until almost a century later. Credit for the now long-standing tradition is given to Anna, seventh Duchess of Bedford, who was often famished during the long hours that separated lunch from dinner. To stave off her hunger pangs, she would often have the kitchen send up to her boudoir a pot of tea, along with bread, butter and little cakes.,She started inviting friends to her soirées, and soon everyone was doing it. Tea became all the rage with the well-to-do set, and hostesses were soon judged on their food, china, strainers and even the quality of their napkins.,By the 1840s, dainty sandwiches and cakes, and freshly brewed pots of tea were being served all across London, establishing “afternoon tea” as a British tradition. Teatime, not unlike America’s morning coffee klatch, gave the ladies a chance to gossip and show off their expensive china.,In 1864, the Aerated Bread Company, a London bakery, opened the UK’s first tearoom, and soon they began popping up all over. The shops were not only about refreshments; they provided a place where an unchaperoned lady could hang out with her friends and keep her reputation intact.,Some of the best-known tea rooms in England are The Savoy, Fortnum & Mason’s, The Maids of Honour and, of course, The Ritz, where tea is served in the spectacular Palm Court five times a day. The hotel, conceived by renowned hotelier César Ritz, opened its doors on May 24, 1906 in Piccadilly. Frenchman Charles Mewes and Englishman Arthur Davis are responsible for the Ritz’ unique architectural design. During its early years, guests included King Edward VII and other English aristocracy.,Tea at the Ritz, with its legendary service and stunning ambiance, is still considered the ultimate in luxury, whether you’re royalty or not. However, you will be expected to behave as such.,We are told to arrive 15 minutes prior to our sitting, which is scheduled for 1:30 p.m., and to dress accordingly — in other words, no jeans or runners (sneakers). With so many rules and regulations, it all seems rather formal and rigid. We worry about our clothes and whether or not the staff will be impossibly hoity-toity and treat us like commoners.,We arrive and step inside the spacious main lobby, which is stuffed with bouquets of fragrant pink roses. White-gloved doormen bow slightly as, one by one, they open the brass doors to the inner sanctum like a finely choreographed dance. One doorman flashes a sincere — and yes, slightly crooked — smile, and says, “Good day, Madame. Enjoy your visit.” We are charmed by the courteous attention.,The Palm Court is slightly elevated, a few steps up, like a small stage in a big palace. The room, a fusion of muted yellows and golds, is as grand and sumptuous as you’d expect, and then some. There are gilded mirrors, gold statues, Romanesque fountains, oversized urns packed with exotic flowers and opulent chandeliers hanging in every corner.,Our table is perfectly set for three with fine china and a silver tea service. Several very polite gentlemen pull out our chairs and we carefully take our seats. We feel compelled to sit up straight and speak in hushed tones. The menu place card lists several teas to choose from — Ritz Royal English, Lapsang Souchong Imperial, Jasmine with Flowers, Darjeeling First Flush, and of course, Earl Grey. For non-tea drinkers, coffee and champagne are available; we order the Earl Grey.,Our waiter is French, impeccably groomed, and dressed in a black morning coat with red vest; he is at his ready to serve us. After a few moments, he brings our tea, which we pour through a strainer that fits loosely over the cup.,A three-tiered serving platter is set before us and our waiter describes its contents: The lower layer is filled with tea sandwiches — smoked salmon; egg mayonnaise with cress; ham; chicken and mayonnaise; and cucumber with cream cheese. A stack of freshly baked raisin and apple scones, which are to be slathered with Devonshire clotted cream and organic strawberry preserves, sit snugly on the middle plate. The top plate is laden with a mouth-watering assortment of pastries and cakes, including fruits-of-the-forest compote with English cream. We eagerly work our way up from the bottom.,Every table is occupied and the room is abuzz with the low murmur of people politely chatting while Burt Bacharach songs trickle forth from the nearby baby grand. No one is talking louder than anyone else, and no one is yelling into a cell phone. The atmosphere is gracious, friendly, warm and oh-so-civilized. But it’s also fun and lively, as waiters are asked time and again to take a photo — and they happily oblige.,Then suddenly, and quite unexpectedly, the pianist breaks into a not-quite-rousing rendition of Happy Birthday as a procession of servers encircle several tables, their trays blanketed with white cupcakes, candles ablaze. Apparently, a number of people just got a tad older. Everyone claps then resumes their conversations.,As we enjoy the delicacies, I turn over the back of the menu place card. An apropos inscription reads:,I’m feeling sublime,For I’ve passed back in time,Surrounded by glamour and glitz.,As I sip my Earl GreyAll life’s cares pass away,For I’m having Tea at the Ritz.,—Jill Rundle,For nearly two hours we sip tea and eat cake until we are sure we cannot take another bite. That’s when our waiter arrives with yet one more tray of goodies and politely asks, “Madame, More cakes?”,Yes, please!,If You Go,The Ritz
www.theritzlondon.com, ,A traveler goes off the beaten path on an eight-day voyage aboard the Motor Yacht Tucano, exploring the Rio Negro and going deep into the rain forest.,When I first met Railson, he seemed similar to many other 17-year-old boys.,He told me that he liked to fish, said he helped his mother with household chores and above all, he enjoyed hanging out with friends. But there were differences.,For starters, Railson’s usual catch is piranha, the feared razor-toothed residents of South American rivers that can strip the flesh off a large animal in minutes.,The house he helps to clean is a tiny wooden hut built on stilts.,And Railson and his buddies live in a tiny village in one of the most remote regions of the world — the Amazon basin of Brazil, hours by boat from the nearest town or city.,I met Railson during a visit to Amazonia, the massive rainforest that extends into nine countries, sprawling over an area about the size of India.,The jungle there is so dense that large tracts of forest beneath the tree canopy through which I walked never see sunlight. Much of the ground is blanketed by plants which have adapted to life in deep shadow.,Peering up into the highest tree branches, I made out a tangle of vines that I was certain could prompt Tarzan to howl with delight.,The treetops themselves were alive with colorful flowers that bloom from seeds dropped by careless birds.,Before embarking on this remote jungle experience, I had studied statistics that put in perspective the extraordinary size and impact of the Amazonian ecosystem.,It contains one-tenth of the earth’s vegetation and animal species, and one-fifth of its fresh water.,The 4,000-mile Amazon River is the second longest in the world, surpassed only by the Nile, and 17 of its 1,000-plus tributaries are over 1,000 miles long.,Most of my eight-day voyage aboard the Motor Yacht Tucano was on the Rio Negro, a tributary that anywhere else would be considered a major river.,The Rio Negro (pronounced NAY-grow) is nearly 18 miles across at its widest point, and it passes through one of the least developed areas of the Amazon basin, which encompasses huge tracts of unexplored primary forest.,Because some 15,000 species of wildlife make Amazonia their home, visitors may expect to spot herds, and hordes, of animals.,I soon learned that many resident mammals hide away from the river banks in less accessible areas of forest.,Others are shy, elusive critters which are difficult to see, or nocturnal creatures that keep different hours than most people.,Even so, my five fellow passengers and I had opportunities to spot wildlife that most people usually have observed in zoos, if at all.,We saw giant river otter, three-toed sloth and porcupine. Gray and pink river dolphin made brief appearances near the boat, sometimes following its wake in their search for small fish, turtles, crabs and other staples of their diet.,Contrasting with the beauty of their rosy hue were the rather unseemly pig-like grunts and horse-like snorts that they emit.,Our extremely knowledgeable, locally-raised guide, Souza, reported that more than 1,800 species of birds live in trees along the Amazonia river banks, more than enough to make the area any bird-watcher’s paradise.,Greater Ani took flight gracefully as our boat passed beneath the tree branches where they sat.,Red-billed Toucan, Scarlet Macaw and Green Ibis lived up to their names in their multi-hued coloration.,We watched several Hoatzin, their heads adorned by a fan-shaped crest, demonstrate their reputation as awkward fliers, and builders of rather messy nests.,During twice-daily excursions in an outboard-driven launch, we enjoyed close encounters with other jungle denizens.,Souza taught us to distinguish caiman, alligator-like reptiles lying in wait for passing food, from the logs they resemble.,And he used a laser to point out long-nose bats clinging to trees on the shoreline.,Hikes through stretches of jungle, following Souza as he hacked a pathway through the thicket with a machete, were also productive.,We weren’t lucky enough to spot wild pigs or armadillo, which are on the “may see” list. But Souza did point out what resembled a narrow branch, until two beady eyes identified it as a snake.,I also watched in awe as some of the most magnificent, and largest, butterflies I’ve ever seen flitted around,  just a small sampling – I was told – of many hundreds of types that make the jungle their home.,The treetops often came alive with the chatter and scampering of monkeys. Squirrel monkeys peered down at me as I gazed up at them.,I saw and heard Golden-handed Tamarins, and the yipping sounds of Capuchins as they foraged in the trees.,Howler monkeys lived up to their name, emitting noises that sound variously like a train or the growl of a jungle cat which can carry for two miles.,A pleasant surprise was my fascination with smaller species. I used a flashlight to peer at a fist-sized tarantula hiding in a hole at the base of a tree.,I watched a long column of leaf-cutter ants tirelessly carrying pieces of foliage several times their size to their underground lair. I observed Souza scoop up a handful of Teca ants and rub them onto his skin to serve as a natural mosquito repellent.,Equally intriguing was a different kind of life, encountered during visits to several of the isolated Indian villages that line the river banks.,Most houses are made of crudely hewn wood planks covered by a metal roof. Small gardens provide vegetables; the surrounding forest adds fruits, nuts and medicinal plants, and the river yields piranha and other fish.,The majority of houses rest on rickety stilts that keep them from being inundated during the rainy season, when the river rises up 40 feet or more. A few are floating structures, which rise and fall with the water.,People have learned to cope with a waterborne existence for months at a time, getting around in dugout canoes.,Those fortunate enough to own a few chickens, ducks or even a goat herd their livestock onto a raft tethered to their house, where the animals eat, sleep and wait for the water to subside.,As we arrived at each village, a handful of people came to the river’s edge to greet our launch. Some offered seed and shell necklaces, woven baskets and other handicrafts for sale.,Encountering the basic existence of the Amazonian Indians put a human face on facts and figures about the extent, and impact, of deforestation.,This is of concern because Amazonian plant life produces one-third of the earth’s oxygen.,Multinational timber and mining firms have been ravaging the jungle for years.  Soybean and other farming is clearing increasing acreage.,It’s estimated that an area of forest the size of Switzerland disappears every year, which means that 85% will be gone by the middle of this century.,Awareness of the impact of deforestation has prompted increased conservation steps.,Brazil’s government is protecting more land in parks and reserves, and has made large tracts of forest off-limits for development, logging and clearing for agriculture.,Conservation is taught in schools, and promoted at home.,More people are learning that fruit, nuts, wild game and other resources from the forest provide an endless source of income over a longer period than clearing the land for other uses.,Even with damage that has been done, vast areas of the Amazonian jungle remain to be experienced.,That can mean peering at animals in the treetops from a river boat, tramping through the jungle thicket and interacting with village dwellers like Railson.,The January to May rainy season brings heavy but usually brief downpours. That is when rivers rise dramatically, and plants and trees fruit and flower, attracting animals to the water’s edge.,The high water enables boats to reach areas inaccessible at other times of year.,During the dry season, roughly June to December, rivers run shallow, and white sand beaches – excellent for a refreshing swim – appear.,Animal-watching is good near pools of water where wildlife congregates, and birds gather to feed upon migratory fish that lay their eggs.,The M/Y Tucano on which I sailed accommodates up to 18 passengers in air conditioned staterooms that are compact but quite comfortable.,The buffet meals are excellent, featuring local produce, fish and other fare. Crew members are extremely pleasant and helpful, and the guides are eager to share their vast knowledge of the Amazon.,For more information, call Latin American Escapes at 800-510-5999 or log onto latinamericanescapes.com.,Author Bio: After gallivanting throughout the United States and to more than 75 other countries around the world, and writing about what he sees, does and learns, Victor Block retains the travel bug. He firmly believes that travel is the best possible education, and claims he still has a lot to learn. He loves to explore new destinations and cultures, and his stories about them have won a number of writing awards., ,Ever wanted to quit your job and find a new adventure? Here are 8 questions you’ll face when you quit your job to travel.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,When my husband and I quit our jobs to travel the world in our late twenties, we faced a thousand questions from co-workers, family, friends, and honestly, people we didn’t even know but had heard of our plans and felt they had the right to an opinion on our lives.,Over time the repetition of these questions wore me out, made me anxious, and had me questioning our plan and belief in ourselves. As the only people that we knew who had quit our jobs to have a year and a half to travel, we had no idea this was coming and were blindsided by these repetitive and invasive questions.,My husband dealt with them well. For me, everyone felt like an affront to why we were living our lives the way we wanted to, and I felt the need to answer even when I didn’t know the answer. So here are the main questions we faced, how I answered, how I wish I answered, and how you can to save your sanity.,This one is annoying. Obviously, you saved money for your trip. Or you had a great uncle who willed you money and you’re using it to live. Why does it matter? Because you living your life is going to make other people question why they aren’t living theirs. This question comes in degrees, some will be genuine curiosity. Others will be snakelike with venom. It’s up to you if you want to answer or not.,My answer depended on the state of the question. If someone was curious, I’d tell them the truth: we paid off our debts, lived leanly off one income, and saved the other. If it was venom, I’d say we saved our money, the same as you do when you want something.,With gold bars and rubies. This is another strange one. ,Factually, the answer is with money. I think that the actual meaning of this question is how are you going to continue to pay for things if you aren’t working. Again, the answer is that you saved. The other answer is that you won’t spend $1000 a day.,Many people associate traveling with all-inclusive resorts and expensive vacations that last a week. You won’t be traveling that way (unless you really did have a great uncle who willed you a million bucks), but the majority of people think of traveling as what is advertised on TV. ,If you have the energy, take the time to actually answer this question by saying that you will be staying in hostels or home rentals, working seasonal jobs in a National Park, or eating grocery store food and drinking tap water. This question can turn into an engaging and enlightening conversation where both parties are able to learn about one another.,Sell coconuts on the highway. Dumpster dive for rotten toast. Find a commune that requires me to cover myself in peanut butter all day long.,It’s confusing for people to imagine what it would be like to walk away from their lives and “start over”. Even though they aren’t the ones doing it, they want reassurance—how do you know that everything is going to be okay when you come back to “real life”? ,Truth is you don’t know. My husband got his old job back and I transitioned into being a stay-at-home mom and focusing on writing. You could return to where you were or start something entirely new, and that’s part of the beauty of your journey.,I’m taking it with me. No, really, I did. We sold all the stuff we didn’t need and when we were down to a couple backpacks, we took it with us. This could be different for you. Maybe you’re going to rent your home out while you’re gone and your things can stay there. You could put them in storage. You could leave them with family and friends. You could sell them. ,There are options here. Easy ones. The pick is just up to you.,Maybe you have this all planned out. Maybe you have a list of stops with a full itinerary for each day of your trip. Maybe you don’t. I didn’t. I was flying on flight prices, what I liked and didn’t like, and what we felt like we were into.,But I felt like I had to answer this question anyway with “I’d like to see Kilimanjaro” and “somewhere off of Bali”. All this did was make it so that when I got home I had to answer questions about why I didn’t go certain places I “said” I would (I never said I would go anywhere, I said I’d like to).  ,If you have a plan and you are a plan sticker, say it. If you don’t and you want to blow with the wind, that’s okay too. Or if you are somewhere in between. It’s your trip. It doesn’t matter where you go. It matters that you’re taking it.,Answer this question carefully. In my experience too detailed of an answer about where you want to go will lead to even more questions before you leave and questions when you come back if you forwent a certain destination.,What are you going to do fourteen Saturdays from now? It’s not easy to answer as a stationary person, and it’s even harder to answer traveling. I said I want to hike, see Mona Lisa, go into the Sahara, ride a train through Sri Lanka. I did a lot of these things. I didn’t do others.,You’re going to do whatever you want to. Whatever you can afford to do. Whatever is comfortable for you. Don’t feel you have to wow and dazzle with this answer. It could be I’m going to drink beers and make friends. That’s amazing. You’re going to do you.,The truth is you don’t. Just like the person asking the question doesn’t know that they’ll be safe even if they do the exact same thing every single day that you’re gone. Cars crash. Cancer comes. People choke on their dinner. It’s sad and unfortunate, but it is life.,Ultimately, this was the question that got most to me because I can’t protect my husband and myself from everything. If a mosquito has Dengue and bites despite the fact that we are wearing long sleeves and pants, I can’t guarantee we won’t be sick. I don’t know that each taxi I enter has a good and honest driver. I’m not sure that a shark won’t have an off day when I’m snorkeling.,You make decisions. The best decisions you can make. The same as you do at home. You take calculated risks but not unnecessary ones. You don’t drink tainted water. You don’t swim in murky spots. You keep your money in your pockets when you are walking down the street.,I never knew how to answer this question. If I had it to do over again, I would say I don’t know. The same as you. And I’d leave it at that.,Until I’m not. ,We said hopefully we won’t be back in the USA until my brother-in-law’s wedding and year-and-a-half from now and won’t need to work until then either. But things happen. We got a rental car in Croatia and fell in love with the freedom of driving wherever we wanted and came back to the USA a month later, bought a truck, and spent close to a year driving cross-country.,We took a seasonal job in an area we really loved so we could spend more time there. We helped someone out when they wanted to go away for a week by watching their dog in our hometown.,I’d just tell them that you’ll be gone until your back. If you have a solid end date, say it. If you don’t, say maybe here, but I’m open to possibilities.,What I learned from answering questions is the best answer when you don’t is you don’t know. Answering with I don’t know takes the pressure off of you. Why do you need to know anyway? You aren’t asking Aunt Nancy to predict what she’s going to have for dinner three months from now.,Or your co-worker how they’re going to stay safe the year you’re gone when they smoke like a chimney and will be driving to work in the winter on the interstate during snow storms. Life happens, we don’t know the answers. Traveling is life multiplied.,You can’t expect yourself to predict the future. To know if you’ll like some where you’ve never been. To be sure you will be gone 247 days and only eat organic produce from local farmers. As someone who answered questions that didn’t need to be answered and gave themselves anxiety from trying to predict the future for others, just smile and say you don’t know, but you’ll find out.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Laura Forrest Hopfauf lives in West Virginia with her husband, daughter, and dog.  She spent a year living out of the back of a pickup truck driving across North America, months backpacking Europe and Northern Africa, and hiked across an island in the Caribbean by sleeping in the jungle in a hammock.  She is currently in the midst of submissions for her debut novel under the guidance of Jennifer Lyons of Jennifer Lyons Literary Agency.  Her work has been published in The Anthology of Appalachian Writers, Catch, The Citizen, and Pregnant Chicken.,To truly understand Mozart, you have to come to grips with Salzburg, his hometown.,The problem is that everything most of us know about Mozart, the man, is second-hand. But if music reflects both a person and a time, then it stands to reason you first have to come to grips with Salzburg. For once you’ve walked in the man’s footsteps, you understand more about him and the times that influenced his music.,Austria is probably the world’s most user-friendly country. If you can’t like Austria you might as well stay home, because you won’t like being anywhere. For like Mozart’s music, it encompasses human dimensions.,Everything is manageable, even the mountains that seem to have houses on every slope. There’s an endless abundance of cows and barns with small cozy houses attached to the front, tiny little mountain roads that run very close to then edge of eternity, and plenty of towns and villages with wooden churches that have tall spires.,It’s this sense of place and of size that was instilled in Mozart at an early age – a view of the world that he couldn’t have rejected in his own music even had he chosen to.,To understand why Mozart produced music that was so unpretentious you have to know his two cities – Salzburg, where he was born, and Vienna where he produced his most important works. For the defining character of the two places have remained essentially the same as during his own time.,Once the centre of Europe’s greatest power, Vienna is now the world’s largest and most charming museum. In Vienna, where there’s a never ending supply of the past, people go to see where Beethoven, Schubert, the Strausses, Bruckner, and Brahms worked; where Mahler conducted, and where the great artists at the turn of the 20th Century changed forever the way we looked at art and life. Mozart is one of many great, important figures.,Salzburg is a fairytale city of only 145,000 with a large castle looking down on the old town that, except for some neon signs and power lines, is essentially the same as it was in Mozart’s time.,Back then it was a commercial centre, named for its extensive salt mines, and had little in the way of cultural activity. In the beginning, it was a monastic settlement and once a walled city impregnable to attack. All of these factors are still evident and all combine to make Salzburg a city for planned excursions and for simply getting lost.,Considering that Mozart hated Salzburg and after he left for Vienna returned as few times as possible, the city fathers have been downright forgiving.,Mozart’s Geburtshaus (birthhouse) dominates the inner city and it’s here, at the third floor apartment at No. 9 Getreidegasse, that the Mozart saga begins. Then, like now, the street was a narrow lane of shops in the town centre. The apartment is a museum, of course, and undoubtedly the busiest place in town.,For the finest view of the inner city, to get an overall feel of the place, take the elevator at the head of Griesgasse to the Cafe Winkler at the top of the Monchsberg. The hill, the site of the first settlement 1300 years ago, towers above the city and from the restaurant you can get the finest view in town or you can walk along the Monchsberg pathways that eventually lead to the Hohensalzburg Fortress, built in 1077, that dominates the skyline.,If you decide to eat in the Winkler restaurant, try the Venison in November or the Salmon during the summer.,Both Wolfgang (christened Johannes Chrysotomus Wolfgangus Theophilus) and his sister Maria Anna, nicknamed Nannerl, were born at the Getreidegasse apartment, though the family later moved across the River Salzach to a bigger place at No. 8 Markartplatz.,Among the collection of pictures, autographs, documents, and various relics in the Geburtshaus are Mozart’s Hammerflugel and his clavichord – the two most precious items in the museum. The clavichord was given to the Museum by Constanze in her will.,Pasted in it, in her own hand, is a note that says: “On this instrument my husband Mozart composed within five months the Magic Flute, La Clemenza de Tito, the Requeim, and a new freemasons cantata. I, Mozart’s widow and present wife of Councillor Nissen, confirm this”. After Mozart’s death, Constanze married a wealthy Swedish diplomat. She’s buried in the St. Sebastian’s Cemetery in the Mozart family plot as Constanza Nissen Mozart. She so changed the family plot monuments that Nannerl refused to be buried there.,During the summer, traffic in the birth house gets congested (the city hosts 650,000 tourists) and tour times are sometimes restricted. Smart travellers don’t try it on their own, but book a tour that has preference over singles.,In Salzburg Mozart stalks every corridor, every alleyway, and every intimate concert site. The Salzburg Festival, of course, is held every summer in the festival theatre complex near St. Peters Abbey whose cemetery holds the remains of Mozart’s sister, Nannerl, and of Johann Michael Haydn. Mozart conducted many of his early choral pieces here.,Every year, on Dec. 4, the church is the site for a performance of the C minor Mass. The old Court Stables, built in 1607, is now the Small Festival Theatre Hall. The Large Festival Hall, built in 1956-60 is where operas are held.,But the Festival – held in July and August and with opera tickets in the $200 US range – isn’t the only concert in town. In fact, for a taste of the way Mozart might have heard his own music you head for the Mirabell Palace where chamber concerts are held throughout the year in the ornate, intimate surroundings of the concert hall.,In this hall Leopold, Wolfgang, and Nannerl gave concerts. The Mirabell Palace is called the Taj Mahal of Salzburg because it was built by Wolf Dietrich for his love, Salome Alt. Being Archbishop of Salzburg didn’t stop Dietrich from being a hopeless romantic. Today, while the concert hall is still used the rest of the palace is the seat of the Mayor of Salzburg and the municipal offices.,You can easily spend a month in Salzburg and not have any reason to leave – except for a severe cash drain. For every house, every building and street has a colorful history.,On the right bank is the house where Joseph Mohr was born to a whore. That would have been the last the world ever heard of Mohr, except for the fact he later wrote the six verses for a song called Silent Night, Holy Night, in Oberndorf at the parish church of St. Nicola not far from Salzburg. A small plaque notes the birth. There are no celebrations for either his birth or his death in Salzburg.,And if you want a break from the history lesson on the left bank, stop off at one of Wolfgang’s watering holes, the Sternbrau at 34 Greisgasse, which was a regular stopping off spot when he was old enough. And the Peterskeller, near St. Peters, is one of Salzburg’s best locally known eating and wine spots – a direct descendant from when the Monks at St. Peters Monastery had their own huge wine cellar and started selling both food and wine in the 17th Century. It’s assumed that both Wolgang and Michael Haydn tipped a few here.,Author Bio: Ray Chatelin has won awards for travel journalism and classical music criticism. He has authored or co-authored 14 travel guides and his work has appeared in major magazines, newspapers, and websites. He likes golfing the world’s great courses, attending classical music and opera festivals, and cruising to regions he normally would never visit., , ,You don’t have to be German to love traditional German Christmas Markets.,You don’t have to be German to love traditional German Christmas Markets. The twinkling lights, merry music, hot mulled wine and tidy wooden vendor stalls are a favorite with everyone.,In fact, many visitors travel to Germany just for the Christmas markets alone. Read More: Christmas Along the Danube,Why are German Christmas markets so popular? Maybe it has to do with some of their beloved holiday traditions. Here are some of the reasons that people come back year after year during the holiday season:,It’s usually cold at Christmastime in Germany, but drinking hot mulled wine can help keep you warm. With its cinnamon, cloves and other spices, Glühwein just smells like Christmas.,Every Christmas market sells mulled wine and every German region has its own variation. Frankfurt, for instance, is famous for apple Glühwein, which is a mulled wine made with hard apple cider. Yummy!,While we’re talking of delicious traditions, we have to mention Lebkuchen, or gingerbread, as it’s called in English. One favorite type of Lebkuchen is Aachener Printen, which originated in the city of Aachen. The Aachener Printen und Schokoladenfabrik Henry Lambertz makes many varieties of Lebkuchen, including hard or soft options and even with herbs chocolate or nuts.,Founded in 1688, the company is the largest German producer of gingerbread cookies and also exports worldwide.,The Christmas markets in Aachen are famous for their Lebkuchen, but you’ll find Lebkuchen in every Christmas market in Germany.,The city of Nuremberg in the German region of Franconia is also famous for its Lebkuchen.,Walk through any German Christmas market, and you’ll see many different kinds of Advent wreaths or calendars.,Advent is a Christian tradition that is celebrated during the four weeks before Christmas. It’s a time of anticipation and preparation and reflection of the coming Nativity.,Advent is a huge part of Christmas celebrations in Germany. A traditional Advent calendar is made out of a wreath of fir tree branches with 24 decorated boxes or bags hanging from it.,Want to buy your own Advent Calendar? Check out our picks for the best Advent calendars from around the world here, which highlights creative Advent calendars like the HizoeChu Santa Bus Countdown calendar for the whole family to enjoy.,The boxes or bags represent each day before Christmas, and each one has a little present inside. Another part of the Advent tradition is the Adventskranz – the Advent wreath. On each Sunday before Christmas, a new candle on the Adventskranz is lit.,Stollen are delicious German Christmas cake rolls, and Dresden is most famous for them. The Striezelmarkt in Dresden is one of the best places to buy a traditional stollen. Stollen was first documented in 1474, and this festive fruit cake has been a Christmas favorite ever since then.,These peculiar little Christmas dolls are made of dried prunes and walnuts. This tradition goes back to the 17th century as a way of making gifts from the local harvest. The Zwetschgenmann (prune people) are a gesture of goodwill and are said to bring you good luck.,Wooden carved ornaments are popular Christmas items; none are more beloved than nutcracker soldiers. These Christmas icons were invented in the Ore Mountains in Saxony.,You can find a variety of these delightful Christmas figures, from chefs to soldiers, here.,These days, the Striezelmarkt in Dresden and the Christmas market in Nuremberg are the best-known Christmas markets for wooden ornaments and nutcrackers.,Most German Christmas trees are filled with glass ornaments. The town of Lauscha is said to be the birthplace of Christmas tree decorations. Today, the Christmas markets in the state of Thuringia are best known for selling glass tree decorations.,Read our Germany Travel Guide or see more travel destinations in Germany.,To learn more about Christmas markets in Germany, visit www.Germany.travel,Learn the German language with Babbel. Start with the basics and keep going with lessons if you love it!,Virtually untouched by tourism, this Slovenian capital is the perfect pit-stop when traveling through Europe.,Slovenia, with its toehold of coastline, sits quietly wedged like a middle child between the two giants of the Adriatic: Italy, the older brother, his ancient arteries clogged with tourists, and Croatia, darling little sister, stretching her long legs down the coast all the way to Dubrovnik, the coolest place to get a tan since the Iron Curtain stopped blocking the sun.,But it is Ljubljana, Slovenia’s capitol, that commands the central plain dividing the coast and the Alps. This city of 270,000 is right in the middle of Slovenia, and therefore a convenient train ride from so many of Europe’s most visited places: northern Italy, Vienna, Munich, Budapest and Split, in Croatia. Ljubljana is situated geographically and, more importantly, temperamentally, as the perfect pit stop.,The best part about Ljubljana is its old town, centering on the Ljubljanica River and fanning out two streets in each direction. The river is small. You couldn’t spit to the other side but you could toss a baseball with your bad arm. The river’s sides are reinforced, so it flows through town as though in a steep, giant gutter, except the high walls are laden with ivy and terraces with flowers halfway down. Above, from street level, weeping willows lean gracefully over the embankment.,Five bridges span the river in this part of town, three of them pedestrian. The banishment of automobiles is what gives Ljubljana such a peaceful feel. Those willows just wouldn’t look the same amid car horns and exhaust fumes. But they shine when serenaded — along with the humans eating their dinner — by classical guitar or accordion. Chatter emanates from street-side cafés, bars and restaurants. These are the sounds you hear on a stroll up and down the river at night.,If you’re looking for a mouthful, Ljubljana is happy to oblige. Italian cooking dominates and most Slovenian restaurants here feature menus heavily derived from Italian kitchens. Pizzeria Ljubljanski Dvor, a riverside place, has a menu with what seems like every known combination of toppings one can imagine on a pizza — anything with their spicy salami is good.,Restaurant Julija, one street back from the river, serves pasta dishes on its candlelit street-side tables. The spaghetti with a creamy prosciutto and mushroom sauce is excellent.,For dessert, a good place is Slascicarna, a coffee and pastry shop down the street from Restaurant Julija. Try a slice ofblejsna rezina. “It’s typical for Slovenia,” the waitress assures. It is flaky on top and bottom with powdered sugar and a bulging, creamy, cannoli-like middle. Numerous ice cream carts stand at attention along the river promenade with the usual flavors, plus whisky and ferrero rocher chocolate.,The town doesn’t get many tourists; it doesn’t have many tourist sites. There is an excellent fruit and flower market, but that is hardly something to plan a trip around. The city’s castle, dating back to the 11th century and looming directly over the old town on a high hill, is well preserved and worth a visit, if only for the view from the bell tower. The National History Museum is well cared for, but it really only has an exhibit of wacky furniture and a humdrum natural history section.,Ljubljana, erected by the Romans under the name of Emona in 15 AD, was officially documented under its German name Laibach in 1144. It has been hard hit by several earthquakes. After a quake in 1511, the city was rebuilt in Renaissance-style only to be severely damaged again by an earthquake in 1895. This time it was reconstructed in Neo-Classicist and Art Nouveau styles. This is why Ljubljana’s architecture today is a mix of different styles. Large areas built between the two World Wars display the work of local architect Jože Plečnik (1872-1957). A search for the home of the city’s most famous resident, although appearing on maps, yielded nothing.,But the lack of tourists is decidedly in Ljubljana’s favor, as far as making it an untouched destination. Prices are low and the city resists the urge to reference itself on T-shirts, magnets and coffee mugs, or block the gorgeous views while trying to sell them.,And the views are gorgeous. Besides the baroque City Hall built in 1717, none of the old town’s buildings are a standout, but together the old  façades are something to marvel at. They are yellow and purple and brown and have the air of measured decay. A little age has added greatly to  their beauty. The soft lights and beautiful music carrying across both sides of the river, and the sounds of people enjoying themselves on a jaunt  through it all, give the place a dignity that is very alluring.,Young people come to the old town to meet friends at the cafés. They ride their bicycles up and down the riverbank. Here, bikes and inline skates  are the fastest moving “vehicles.” But wide bike lanes make this means of transportation possible throughout the city, too.,An older set fills the tables at the many riverside restaurants. They seem elegant, both the diners and the restaurants. Yet it is not clear if the  people make their surroundings seem this way, or the other way around. They must be the patrons of all the high-end shops in the vicinity: Max  Mara, Lacoste and a host of other expensive designer boutiques.,One night at dusk a street stage was set up for poetry reading with bongo accompaniment. On a different day, three Americans played oldies on  Cobbler’s Bridge — the prettiest of all five bridges, with tall pillars on both sides.,When it is time to get back on the fast track, to hop a train to Venice or Munich or Budapest, the station is only an eight-minute walk from the old town, a safe journey (nowhere in Ljubljana did I feel threatened). But watch out for the beggar at the station. He’s young, and he goes from person to person, alms cup extended — on his inline skates.,If You Go,Slovenian Tourist Board,www.slovenia-tourism.si,Ljubljana Tourist Information,www.ljubljana-calling.com,Ljubljana City Hall,www.ljubljana.si,From Ranakpur Jain Temple to the beach in Goa or the Medieval City of Orchhayoga, here are 13 unique things to do in India.,If you’re planning a trip to India and wish you to do something unique, apart from the regular touristy stuff, then read further to learn about 13 unique things that you can do in India.,“To other countries, I may visit as a tourist,,But to India, I come as a pilgrim”,-Martin Luther King Jr.,Every time you visit India, you will witness something new. No matter how much you explore this vast country, there is still something that you haven’t seen or done before. India is home to a number of cultures, festivals, monuments, and features that will make your trip truly magical.,The constant honks from traffic, bustling fragrance of the spices, prayer ceremonies at the temple, the cawing of the crows, and the chaotic hustle of this country might turn you off at first, but as you move inwards you will fall in love with all the madness.,Apart from Taj Mahal, Lal Quila, and the Jama Masjid, there are a variety of things to experience that usually go unnoticed. If you’re the one who wishes to do things in a different style, then this article is perfect for you.,We will discuss some unique things to do in India that will help us rediscover this spectacular country and help create a new perspective about tourism in India. ,Planning a trip to Ireland? Then check out this article: TOP 10 THINGS TO DO IN IRELAND,India is a paradise for food lovers with spicy curries, sizzling pakoras, cutting chai, and whatnot. If you’re looking for something on the same lines, then you must visit the Parathe wali Gali in Delhi’s heart, Chandni Chowk. ,The unique stuffed parathas served here, are a heavenly treat and you will surely crave more after trying one.,This lane has a handful of famous eateries that use special potato and vegetable fillings to make a special flatbread that we call paratha. Most of the eateries are almost 100 years old and still carry their authentic taste and cultural vibe.,Udaipur is the city of palaces and there are plenty of places to visit here. Animal Aid Unlimited might not be a popular destination, but you can visit this rescue center cum hospital for animals.,You will find different animals including dogs, cows, monkeys, goats, pigs, and lots more, who have received special care, treatment, and love from a wonderful team of vets and volunteers.,This place will genuinely restore your faith in humanity. You will want to sit here and play with the loving animals while discovering the hearty side of this country. ,Feel the true spirit of Himalayan adventure with trekking tours in Himachal Pradesh and witness the exquisite setting of nature. The Kinnaur-Lahaul-Spiti loop is the easiest and the most stunning route that begins in Shimla and ends in Manali.,The quaint trail is decorated with beautiful villages, mountain views, monasteries, and nature’s extreme beauty. This trek in the wilderness might just turn out to be the most memorable event of your holiday.,Read More: A Guide to the Best Treks in the Himalayas ,Varanasi might be a 3,800-year-old city, but its roughness and intensity might make you fall in love with this place. You will witness various religious ceremonies taking place at the riverside, along with shimmering temples, and ancient markets, all in one destination.,The Jolly Music House in Bengali Tola is a less visited place, but you will be amazed to see the talented musicians here, who offer music courses on various traditional Indian instruments. If you talk to them nicely, they might arrange a public session for you in the evening and display their fine music skills.,If you wish to spend time in a slow-paced city amidst the medieval trance, then Orchha is the perfect place to be. With stunning temples, forts, and palaces, this city will take you back to medieval times.,Various palace styled resorts offer luxurious accommodation facilities that will make you feel like a king!,The Raj Mandir Cinema is one of India’s renowned movie studios that opened in 1976. With classic art décor, Bollywood inspired architecture, pastel colors, comfortable seats, and a lively ambiance, this theater is a must-visit.,People book their tickets week in advance to attend the premiere of their favorite movies and you should too!,The Golden Temple might be a pilgrimage for Sikhs, but you will find people from all backgrounds in this exquisite and holy place.,You will be stunned to witness the shimmering temple located at the center of a lake and nurturing ambiance. Be sure to visit the dining area and try the spectacular ‘langar’ or holy food that fills the stomach of at least 100k people a day.,Get the perfect Indian coastal vibes at the Palolem beach in Goa and immerse in the low-key, yet beautiful setting. Spend idyllic time under the shade of palm trees or find yourself a hammock and sip your favorite drink amidst the laid-back atmosphere.,There are various shacks in the vicinity that serve superb seafood, ice-creams, snacks, shakes, etc that are worth a try. Goa is also a spectacular place for yoga teacher training in India and to get in touch with your spiritual side.,This is a well-known place in Udaipur, popular for its authentic and traditional thalis. Located in the Bapu Bazaar, this restaurant serves a platter with a variety of Indian curries, breads, chutneys, and much more.,Natraj Dining hall doesn’t work on an a-la-carte basis, and the visitors will have to whatever the restaurant has decided for the day’s menu. The best part is- it’s all you can eat and costs INR 120 only.,This stunningly quiet Temple is located in Ranakpur that dates back to the 15th century. This world-famous Jain Temple is surrounded by a little forest and stands on more than 1,400 pillars that have been carved intricately.,The courtyard of the temple almost resembles a maze and we recommend taking an audio guide as you walk through the noiseless corridors of this amazing place.,Chand Baori Stepwell is India’s largest ancient water tank that was constructed in the 8000 BCE. With a precise maze-like shape, intricate detailing, statues of god and other religious significance, this impressive piece of architecture will leave you speechless.,It is located in the dusty village of Abhaneri, around 10km from the Agra-Jaipur Highway.,Situated near the Yamuna River, the Akshardham temple is a huge cultural complex with a massive temple inside. Thousands of Indian artisans worked together to carve this impressive and detailed structure.,Get the perfect hint of Hinduism with ceiling-high pillars, domed ceilings, and intricate designs of this holy temple. Visitors often come here an hour before the sunlight to capture the mesmeric view of the temple.,Kukki is a small place located right outside the beautiful town of Bundi, Rajasthan that will take you 15,000 years back. This impressive location has multiple caves with paintings, ancient artifacts, structures, and monuments that will give you an idea about this place’s history.,These unique experiences will show you what regular travelers usually miss and make you fall in love with this spectacular country.,Author Bio: Bipin Baloni is a passionate yogi, yoga teacher and traveler of India. He is currently working with Rishikul Yogshala. Being a strong devotee of yoga, he is strongly inclined towards the Health & Wellness sector and writes informative and qualitative articles and blogs.   , ,Earthships are not your traditional houses. They are completely off the grid. Experience what it’s like to live off rain water and the energy of the sun.,It’s the beginning of December and there is a deep chill in the air. While it has been an unusually warm year with low precipitation in the Taos region, right now there is snow on the ground and the below-freezing air bites at your face.,After spending most of the day in a well-heated car, the cold felt paralyzing when my girlfriend and I made our way to check in at the Earthship Biotecture Visitor Center.,I was checking into their newest model, the Picuris Earthship, named after the nearby Picuris Pueblo, which like the rest of the Earthships in the community was devoid of a heating system inside.,Earthships are not your traditional house. They do not have power lines connecting them to the outside power grid. The water isn’t piped in from a distant facility and the waste water isn’t well, wasted.,The Earthship community or Greater World Community as it is formally called is just outside of Taos, New Mexico. This “experimental” community is the work of architect Michael Reynolds who has pushed the envelope on sustainable living. It is home to permanent residents as well as travelers who can rent an Earthship and experience what it’s like to live off the energy of the sun.,I wasn’t worried about running out of water over the weekend and I assumed that the solar panels would convert enough sunlight to keep my phone and laptop charged. I did wonder though, if there would be enough blankets to keep me warm. I heard that temperatures in the area had gone as low as -35 F, and while the forecast only showed it dropping into the low teens, I still wondered how I could possibly stay warm.,Check out the selection of warm and cool weather traveling clothes at Sierra Trading Post. They have the best brands for any type of adventure at discounted rates whether that be hiking boots, layers or swimsuits. Find everything you need for your trip here.,After checking in, we made our way down to the Picuris Earthship with Ryan Halpin, our guide who is building his own “Bachelorship”. He gave us a tour and showed us how to use the ship during our stay.,He opened the front door and lead us into the garage where, unknown to me at the time, a little pond with fish was cleaning water that had previously been used in the house. My fears of freezing were immediately quelled as we made our way into the main part of the house.,A long hallway stretched out spanning the entire front of the house. The wall to the outside was made entirely of glass and let light from outside shine in turning the hallway into a long greenhouse. Built-in planters snaked along the wall, filled with a variety of plants. A small banana tree stuck out as an impressive feat for the semi-arid climate in Taos.,The check-in guide at Earthship brought us through all the rooms in the house, showing us how we could open vents from the main rooms to the greenhouse hallway to heat up the house. Additional vents that led out through the back wall and earth to the outside could be opened to cool the house, a feature that we wouldn’t likely need in December, but would be useful in July.,Ryan showed us the water board that filtered the rain water to different levels according to how it would be used. There was one filter that purified the water to drinking standards and another filter that purified it to showering and washing standards.,Each sink in the house was equipped with two faucets, one for drinking and another for washing your hands or doing the dishes. The water that flushes down the toilet isn’t the filtered rain water.,Instead, water that has already been used at the sink runs through a purifying system of the plants in the greenhouse. Unlike a typical house, an Earthship isn’t flushing perfectly good drinking water down the toilet.,Throughout the house, there are lights just like a normal house, though during the day you hardly need to flip a switch because so much light is let in from outside. The solar panels on the roof collect the light from the sun and convert it into energy to be used in the house. The energy is stored into a battery bank in the garage. All appliances in the house are energy efficient and they ask guests to not use hair-dryers and other energy hungry devices.,As we finished our tour of the Earthship, I was awestruck with how innovative this building was. One, it produces all the water and electricity needed to live comfortably. Two, it provides a source of homegrown foods. Best of all, it does all this discreetly. If I hadn’t been told about all its functions, I would have thought it was just a fancy house with a greenhouse attached.,It combines utility and function into an elegant and sustainable atmosphere. I spent the rest of the evening saying, at an annoying frequency, “I can’t believe how incredible this place is.” The next morning, we took advantage of not being in a hotel and made breakfast on the range in the Earthship.,Our home-cooked bacon and egg breakfast was cooked with one of the few things the Earthship didn’t directly provide us with – gas. Though only a small amount of gas is used in cooking and it’s nothing compared to what a house would use for heat, it is worth noting that it still uses a small amount.,It would have been easy to spend all day relaxing inside, but the outdoors was pouring in through the massive windows beckoning us out to explore. After driving over the Rio Grande Gorge the previous day, we were eager to get a better look. Just down the road from the Greater World Community, seemingly out of nowhere, the earth opens and the giant crevasse carved by the Rio Grande spans out into the distance.,Fences line the edge and offer a little peace of mind when you look into the depths below, but vertigo still plagued my girlfriend as we walked out onto the bridge. She grabbed hold of me for reassurance and fought her fears for the sake of the view.,Local vendors parked their cars and trucks next to the bridge and set up tables filled with Native American jewelry, art, relics, and other knick-knacks. We stopped by to admire the assortment of crafts and talk with the locals. After a few friendly conversations and a ring purchase later we decided to delve further into the Native American culture and head to the Taos Pueblo.,You can see more of all the best local sights around Taos with the Discover New Mexico holiday packages. From history to natural majesty, these packages explore every in of the Southwest beauty. Find more information and booking options here.,We headed over the bridge and out to the Taos Pueblo without really knowing what was ahead. I hadn’t done much research other than I knew it was the oldest continually inhabited dwelling in not only New Mexico but the United States.,Small green road signs pointed us in the right direction, designating the way to the pueblo. We found a parking spot in a muddy lot and made our way to the registration check-in that another sign told us was mandatory.,After paying a small fee, the attendant said we were free to wander through on our own or if we preferred we could wait for the guided tour. The next tour didn’t begin for 30 minutes, so we planned to wander through the adobe structures on our own, trying to fathom what life was like here a thousand years ago.,Most of the houses were still devoid of running water and electricity. Smoke poured out of some of the chimneys of the occupied homes and one woman was sweeping off her roof. Like we had gone back in time, it was a life without the modern conveniences that most of us have come to take for granted.,Engrossed in our surroundings, the time slipped by and we nearly missed the next tour. We made it back to the guide just in time and found out there was no one else on the tour. We had our own personal guide who led us around and told us about the history of the town.,The multi-story adobe buildings have stood the test of time, though it wasn’t always easy. Our guide said there had been multiple wars on the pueblo and its people. Attacks came from the Spanish and other Native American tribes, as well as the United States government.,One of the biggest successes for the people here was when former President Nixon gave back the land that held their sacred Blue Lake. The land had previously been taken by Theodore Roosevelt. After the tour, we wandered through the alleys of the adobe buildings heading for the ones with smoke coming out of the top.,Some of the inhabitants opened their homes for visitors to come in and see the goods they were selling and get a glimpse into the ancient lifestyle. Breakfast had long since worn off by the time we found a home that was selling homemade food. We jumped at the opportunity and had a delicious bowl of chili and some fry bread. The one-room shop was manned by a single woman.,A tiny kitchen was nestled in the far corner and a counter separated it from the lone table where we took our lunch. We talked with the shopkeeper about her family. She told us in a worried voice how many of them had gone to North Dakota to protest the pipeline.,Like the protesters in North Dakota, water is important to the people of the Taos Pueblo because their drinking water comes from a stream. We thanked her for the meal and the conversation as we headed out.,On our way back, I couldn’t help but think of the similarities between the pueblo and the Earthship community. Both were off the grid. Both held a high respect for nature. The Earthships felt like the modern-day pueblo. Maybe the Earthship community will still be around in another thousand years.,The following day we said our goodbyes to the Earthship. The home had taken care of us and it felt like we were saying goodbye to a good friend as we closed the garage for the final time. We made our way south to the Ojo Caliente Mineral Springs in New Mexico where we had a day of relaxation and soaking in the geothermal mineral waters.,I have always felt that the last day of a trip gets spoiled by thoughts of going back to reality. That doesn’t happen when you are too busy letting your troubles melt away in one of the many soaking pools. There are four different types of spring waters at Ojo Caliente Mineral Springs, each boasting different benefits. My personal favorite was the mud bath.,Mud water flows out of the four spouts. You can cover your body with it before rinsing off in the mud bath. It was a chilly day, but after cooking in the pools of hot water I hardly noticed. Private soaking tubs are also available for private relaxation.,On extra cold days, tell the staff you would like the fire to be lit before you check in for the private soak. This will provide the added warmth of the fire next to you. As a last-ditch effort to avoid going back to reality, I spent 80 minutes under the hands of the talented Catherine Borner getting an “Ancient Echoes” massage at Ojo Caliente Mineral Springs.,I drifted in and out of consciousness in a state of pure bliss as she massaged my head and shoulders. The time disappeared quickly, as did all my stress. It was the perfect way to end the weekend.,Ready to plan your sustainable and relaxing adventure to Taos, NM? Learn more about the airline deals and transportation packages through Kiwi. You can also get insider tips on the best restaurants, natural hot spring hikes and hotel options with Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Tarpon Springs may be the sponge capital of the world, but it’s also known for its huge Greek community.,For a taste of foreign culture a little closer to home, Tarpon Springs, Florida, is the perfect place to visit.,Located just 30 miles (48 km) northwest of St. Petersburg, Tarpon Springs is often referred to as the “sponge capital of the world.” Large numbers of Greek sponge divers immigrated to this small community near the turn of the 20th century to work the bountiful sponge beds in the Gulf of Mexico.,Today their descendants continue this old world trade, along with the customs and traditions of their ancestral homeland. In short, Tarpon Springs is a little piece of Greece on Florida’s Gulf coast, and it’s nicely accessible.,Your first stop in town should be the Tarpon Springs Cultural Center. You can’t miss it; if you’re traveling north, it’s on your right as you roll into downtown. You’ll find accessible parking, and the barrier-free cultural center offers tourist information and showcases the work of local artists.,There is elevator access to the second floor and level access to the theater. A National Geographic film that chronicles the history of the local sponge industry is shown on demand, provided there are no special events in the theater. It’s a good place to get a feel for the history of this unique community.,The historic St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Cathedral is just down the street from the cultural center. A ramped entrance is located on the left side of the building. St. Nicholas is the patron saint of mariners.,Pop in and have a look at the beautiful rotunda, patterned after Istanbul’s St. Sophia Church. St. Nicholas also features beautiful Grecian marble, which was originally part of the Greek pavilion at the 1939 New York World’s Fair.,And when you get hungry, authentic Greek cuisine is just a short roll away. Try the dolmades (stuffed grape leaves) or pastitsio (a baked pasta dish) at Mama’s Greek Cuisine, located just a block from the docks. Mama’s has a ramped entrance, accessible restrooms and an extensive menu of Greek specialties.,This area of town is really alive with Greek culture. You’ll see strings of sponges swaying in the breeze, and smell tempting aromas from bakeries that border the waterfront. Access is good in this area, with wide sidewalks, curb-cuts and level access to most of the shops.,Of course, the sponge-dock area is the real heart and soul of Tarpon Springs. This is where it all happens, from sponge harvests to the weekly wholesale sponge auctions.,Stop and see the sponge-diver’s suit (complete with lead booties) on display in front of the Billiris Sponge Warehouse. The whole sponge-dock area is nicely accessible, as it’s flat, and there’s plenty of room to roll around.,For a closer look at the sponge industry, take a tour with St. Nicholas Boat Line, located in the back of the Billiris Sponge Warehouse. In order to board the boat you have to be able to negotiate two steps, but there is plenty of room for a wheelchair aboard this authentic 50-foot (15 m) Greek sponge-diving boat.,The half-hour tour includes a brief history of the sponge-diving industry in Tarpon Springs, as well as a demonstration of sponge harvesting by a diver in the traditional helmet and diving suit.,Anytime is a good time to visit Tarpon Springs; but if you want the full spectrum of Greek culture, be sure and visit during the feast of Epiphany. Held annually on January 6, this massive celebration marks a sacred day on the Greek Orthodox calendar.,The festivities begin at St. Nicholas Church, and then move on to nearby Spring Bayou, where young Greek men dive for a cross that has been blessed and thrown into the water. This day-long festival also features the blessing of the fleet and lots of entertainment, dancing and food.,Tarpon Springs in a section of Florida is truly the best of both worlds — it’s a little bit of Greece not very far from home. So stop in next time you’re in the neighborhood.,The great outdoors awaits in the state of North Dakota, where some of the best national parks and historical sites are open to hiking, biking, fishing and exploration. Here are the top 10 spots to visit.,North Dakota is located in the United States in the northern midwest region next to its sister state, South Dakota. The capital of North Dakota is Bismarck but it’s the Badlands that keep visitors coming back to this state. ,While it’s considered the 19th largest out of 50 states by area, it is one of the least- populated states. That means plenty of wide-open spaces to explore hiking trails, guided tours on the many historic sites of North Dakota, or miles of state and national parks to explore. ,North Dakota boasts a legendary landscape, sacred Indian villages and outdoor beauty that is unmatched by many states. ,Today, 230 million acres of public land is yours to explore including the famous Badlands. ,Some of the most famous national parks, historic sites and state parks await visitors in North Dakota, including Theodore Roosevelt National Park, the Badlands, Fort Abraham Lincoln State Park and International Peace Garden, to name a few.,This national park is named for the 26th president of the United States, Theodore Roosevelt or Teddy Roosevelt.,Roosevelt was a hunter, writer and naturalist and had discovered North Dakota’s beautiful landscape after hunting bison during the late 1800s. ,Find a cabin walking distance from Theodore Roosevelt National Park in Medora here.,The plains of North Dakota are plentiful, especially in the small town of Jamestown, where the buffalo still roam and you can see the world’s largest buffalo in the form of a bronze statue. ,Jamestown offers the opportunity to connect with the true western spirit and the place that inspired the writings of none other than novelist Louis L’Amour. ,Book your stay in Jamestown here.,Visiting Jamestown also means visiting the National Buffalo Museum, which celebrates the heritage of the buffalo in North Dakota and, in particular, the rare white buffalo. ,Housed in this museum are paintings, artifacts and even the stuffed White Cloud — a white buffalo that passed away in 2016 and is in his final resting place in the National Buffalo Museum.,This park located in Minor, N.D., pays homage to Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland and Finland. This unique museum chronicles and celebrates Scandinavian history with replicas, historical references and remembrances.,North Dakota not only has a Scandinavian history but a rich Native American one as well. ,The town Mandan is named for the Native American tribe that has inhabited the lands of North Dakota for centuries. ,It has been a home for a Mandan tribe, a fort, and a railroad town. Today, it invites visitors from across the United States to enjoy the small-town charm and acts as the center for prairie farmers and ranchers. ,Fort Abraham Lincoln State Park is located 7 miles from Mandan, and has reconstructed historic replicas of the Custer House and the Mandan On-A-Slant Indian Village. ,Bismarck is the state capital of North Dakota and is second to Fargo in population. ,Bismarck is packed- full of family-friendly activities and attractions, including the Dakota Zoo, Gateway to Science Museum, Keelboat Park and the historic site of the Governors’ Mansion. ,One of the most famous attractions in North Dakota and the United States is the Badlands.,These unique formations were discovered by Theodore Roosevelt after he went to North Dakota to hunt buffalo following the death of his wife and mother. ,These magnificent rock formations centuries in the making are located in the Theodore Roosevelt National Park. ,Fargo, the most populated city in the state, is not the state capital of North Dakota but it might be a bit more famous than Bismarck because of a movie and TV series by the same name. ,There is no shortage of activities and museums in Fargo. Make a day of it at the Red River Zoo, celebrate baseball at the Roger Maris Museum, or spend time in a former grain elevator that is now the Fargo-Moorhead Visitors Center. ,Book your stay in Fargo here.,The Missouri River is 560 miles long and flows starting from northeastern Wyoming, southeastern Montana, South Dakota and through North Dakota. ,The best way to experience the Missouri River is on the Lewis and Clark Riverboat, which offers daily excursions or nightly dinner cruises stretching from Bismarck to Mandan. ,Other sites that are worth the visit along the Missouri River include Double Ditch Indian Village, Huff Indian Village, Fort Stevenson State Park and Fort Abraham/On-a-Slant Village,Author bio: Angie Cavallari, a lifestyle and pop culture expert, is the author of “Trailer Trash: an ’80s Memoir.” Her blogs and articles have been featured in Huffington Post, The Reset and Go World Travel, among others. When she is not traveling, she is spending time with her kids and her precocious pug, JJ.,Take a device-free jaunt to the island of Bocas del Toro, Panama, for an organic island and over-the-water adventure.,You are lying in an overwater villa in Bocas del Toro in Panama.,Take a deep breath and let the warm, slightly salty, sun-kissed air that just floated over the Caribbean ocean fill your lungs.,You are now living under a palm-thatched roof surrounded by native knotty hardwood walls, accented with coral pink and ocean blue color splashes.,A gentle wind is drifting through the bamboo partition of the villa and tempting you to come outdoors. Your body is gently resting in a handmade king-size bed with views of dolphins jumping in the ocean horizon.,These are the accommodations of an overwater bungalow nesting on stilts right above the ocean. A wood dock leads from your personal villa to the dining and gathering area. This is where the coast meets the lush, fragrant jungle.,Here you will find a style of travel that boasts detoxing from modern living. An environment that promotes disconnecting from your devices to appreciate  Mother Nature and all she has to offer.,Become one with nature through the sights of parakeets and parrotfish, the sounds of howler monkeys and birds singing and the smells of fruit trees and cacao in the air. This is an incredible experience.,For the tropical loving, boots on the earth, adventure-seeking person, this is a must-see and do vacation that you should not put off another moment. Life pulls you in various directions all year long, causing stress and anxiety.,The opportunity of a vacation in Bocas del Toro will pay off; you will be amazed at how refreshed you feel simply by disconnecting from the chaos of everyday life. You will find clarity, peace and rejuvenation in your body and soul.,Bocas del Toro is a province of Panama comprised of the mainland and nine islands, making up an archipelago that pulls at the heartstrings of any wanderlust seeker.,Christopher Columbus sailed the waters here, searching for passage to the Pacific Ocean in 1502 on his 4th and final voyage. During that voyage, they encountered hurricanes and rough seas, putting the ships and crew in despair.,When they sailed into Bocas del Toro, the calm paradise waters and lush land served as a refuge to the ships and crew, allowing them to make repairs, collect food and escape from undesirable weather.,There is such a thing as a hurricane-free zone and Bocas is in it, located at nine degrees latitude.,Visitors escape into a protected retreat, enjoying snorkeling, hiking, kayaking, fishing, making chocolate, surfing birdwatching and more.,Getting here is a hop to Panama City, a skip to Bocas del Toro and a jump to an island water retreat. Fly into Tucumán International Airport in Panama City (PTY), located on the Western Pacific Ocean side of Panama.,Upon arrival, I suggest taking an Uber to Albrook International Airport; it’s 30 minutes and approximately $22. From there, take Air Panama to the Eastern Caribbean side of Panama to Bocas del Toro on Isla Colon, the most populated island in Panama; it’s a 50-minute flight for about $230 per person.  ,Now that you’re back on the ground take a short walk down the roughly paved streets and through the developing rural town to immerse yourself into the chill culture.,I love passing by Simon Bolivar Park, where you will find children singing and frolicking and street vendors selling goods. Your little ones can enjoy the playground equipment while you find a place to visit and connect under large banyan trees.,The final step is to jump on a boat taxi that will take you to the dock of your destination. Each island resort is approximately 10-30 minutes away by water taxi. However, do not miss out on what Bocas Town has to offer before you head off.,You can book a tour to see everything Bocas Del Toro has to offer through TourRadar. Book the 3-day Bocas Del Toro Circuit and have a guide tell you the best spots to see with the transportation, hotel and meals all included here. Or you can plan less and just book a snorkeling trip. See all of the options in Bocas Del Toro and Panama here.,A variety of colorful shops and restaurants are nestled tightly together along the coast. Most are located right over the water and filled with locals and travelers having a sea-inspired meal or looking for a one-of-a-kind souvenir.,Be sure to eat at Be Nice Nomade. Not only do they offer a spread of delicious flavor-filled plates, but they also live up to their name. Enjoy a variety of island foods including Panamanian staples of plato tipico, a typical plate of white rice, beans, fried yellow plantain, and choice of fish, chicken, beef, or pork, and Ceviche de corvina, sea bass ceviche, infused with garlic, lime, onion and cilantro.,On a side note, I’m incredibly happy to report that when I left my purse behind in my rush to catch the boat taxi at the dock, a restaurant employee came to find me and returned the purse fully intact with all my belongings. This is just one example of why Bocas Town and the people are so wonderful.,As you disembark the boat taxi, over the water living is in full effect. The joys of staying here are endless.,Being greeted at the boat dock upon arrival, possibly by the resort’s owner, with a warm hello and a hug followed by a personal tour is a perk you can expect to find at Bocas del Toro.,Additionally, the romantic accommodations encourage you and your loved one/s to reconnect and get close to one another.,Eco-living will have you showering in the freshest rainwater, eating healthy organic food, drinking wine under the stars and even swimming beneath the night’s sky surrounded by the illuminating bioluminescence dancing in the water around you like fireflies.  ,It is exhilarating to jump into the azul water right from your front door and explore the vibrant colors of blue, purple, orange, green and red coral reef. Swim in bliss surrounded by thousands of tiny fry and have fun spotting a vast array of tropical fish and spotted eagle rays.,Be sure to pack a couple of swimsuits and protect your skin with some fun sun-shirts from Sierra Trading Post. Find a variety of active styles and layers for any tropical conditions, whether on the beach or in the jungle, here.,Enjoy a ride in a hand-carved canoe or kayak, the vast coastline of jungle, mangroves and beach. Take in the sights of birds, sloths, monkeys, starfish and sunshine.,I was elated to swing a machete on my exploration through the jungle. The activities you partake in under the sun create a strong sense of excitement.,In Panama, living off the grid fosters getting out and exploring all the amazing things nature has to offer.,Don’t panic, living off the grid doesn’t mean you have to completely abandon your devices, you can still charge a cell phone in the main house.,You can’t blow dry your hair. Before I came to Bocas del Toro, it would have been an issue for me to go without drying my hair, but now I know that you are always wet in Panama due to the water and the heat of the Panama jungle.  ,Your internal clock starts ticking with the rise and set of the sun. You wake up when the sun rises and by the time night falls, the feeling of tranquility rolls in, and you feel ready for a peaceful slumber listening to the waves and feeling the gentle warm breeze as you drift off to sleep.,Many unique over-the-water bungalows are available to you, such as Azul Paradise, Sea Monkey, Eclipse De Mar, and De la Luna.,Get comfortable talking to the staff in Bocas del Toro Resorts. They can put you in contact with locals who can take you out on a fishing trip or to a gorgeous reef to snorkel.,The resorts also offer plenty of excursions to keep you busy and will make arrangements for a boat taxi to whisk you off to a nearby restaurant.,You won’t go hungry in Bocas del Toro. There are plenty of places over the water and in the jungle, serving up heavenly fresh from the sea entrées paired with an array of locally grown food harvested from the rich jungle soil.,The cuisine is infused with flavor from sweet mangos, pineapple, papaya, passion fruit, bananas and nuts.,There are many banana plantations in Central America, they are referred to as oro verde or green gold. Bananas grow very well in this region because of the temperature, rainfall and alluvial soil. The bananas are so fresh and rich that they taste sweet like dessert.,Lovers of spicy food are also in luck. You can enjoy the warmth that takes your taste buds to the next level and leaves you completely satisfied yet longing for more.,Finally, Panama produces its own rum so get ready for some amazing Panamanian cocktails.,Although these locations are secluded from the town life, it is possible to incorporate time in the town with your stay in Bocas del Toros.,By the end of your stay the “blue mind effect” will have set in. Water has a powerful ability to relax your mind, inducing a healing power. All your worries, anxiety and stress melt away, turning all your thoughts positive.,Travelers who love adventure and are open to seeing the world from an organic perspective will thrive being immersed in this natural experience.,Most likely, you will leave the resort with an embrace similar to your greeting that lets you know they were glad you came.  You may even exchange social media information to keep in touch.,Find your stress-free oasis at Bocas Del Toro! First, you can find almost everything you need to plan your trip in one place through Agoda. Find it all with ease, from the best flight options and airport transportation to hotels, homes and other unique stays here.,For more insider knowledge on how to get around, local restaurant favorites and must-see island spots check out TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Author Bio: Angie Falor is a freelance travel writer with a passion for igniting the desire to adventure in others. She is a mother and wife that loves mountain biking and yoga. Angie teaches piano and together with her husband runs a business promoting healthy lifestyle choice,Can you bring me next time??,Excellent read. Sounds & looks like a beautiful place to vacation🌅,I can’t wait to go, your writing is impeccable and you made me fall in love! 🤗,Celebrate tequila, mariachi music and other Mexican icons that originated in and around Mexico’s second-largest city, Guadalajara.,Guadalajara is the capital of the Mexican state of Jalisco, home to sunny Puerto Vallarta and ex-pat friendly Lake Chapala.,Unlike its neighbors, Guadalajara doesn’t feel like a tourism destination, however, it’s a busy business hub where everyone celebrates iconic Mexican traditions.,The exuberant mariachi music essential to all festive occasions originated in Guadalajara, as did the swirling, stomping moves of the famed Mexican hat dance. The national elixir comes from the nearby town of Tequila, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,A visit to Guadalajara is a visit to the capital of Mexican culture.,I arrived in Guadalajara (pre-COVID) on a Saturday night during the International Mariachi Festival, and immediately headed to the neoclassic Teatro Degollado for the Mariachi Gala.,The music made familiar at Mexican restaurants around the world began as working-class entertainment, with humbly dressed, roving musicians playing for money.,As mariachi gained in popularity, an elaborate style evolved. A mariachi uniform can run into many thousands of dollars for the short bolero jackets, long ruffled skirts and enormous sombreros covered with elaborate gilt embroidery.,At the Gala, famed musicians from Mexico and the U.S. performed with the Jalisco Philharmonic Orchestra filling the ornate theater with beloved favorites that kept me humming along.,Find expert guides and unique tours around Guadalajara here. These trusted tours have top-ratings and reviews so you can know exactly what you are booking and can cancel up to 24-hours before the event.,Sunday morning I found a prime spot for the International Mariachi parade. More than 40 bands from 25 countries were in Guadalajara for the festival. They marched along Avenida Chapultepec proudly waving flags from France, Australia, Japan and Peru.,Female mariachis, slowly gaining prominence in the profession, marched alongside their male peers, and ages ranged from the 20s into the 80s. Some were too busy smiling, waving and taking selfies to play their instruments, but there was plenty of music in the air.,As trumpets blared and the volume picked up, ballet folklórico dance troupes joined the parade while celebrating their recent feat.,On the previous day, more than 800 dancers gathered to dance the Jarabe Tapatío (the Mexican Hat Dance), setting the Guinness World Record for the world’s largest folkloric dance. Jalisco’s citizens enjoy competition.,They currently hold nearly a dozen records, including the largest number of people twirling lassos at the same time and the largest tequila tasting.,Soldierly rows of spiky blue agave corralled our little group on the rust-red dirt in the countryside during a tour of Casa Sauza in Tequila.,We traveled through the rural town to an agave farm where a jimador in leg protectors wielded a sharp hoe.,He cut away the agave’s thick, spiky cactus pads to reach the juicy piña at the center of the enormous plant, which would be roasted at the Sauza tequila distillery and bottling plant where we learned about the aging process while sampling Tres Generaciones, a personal favorite.,I’ve experienced several tastings, but there was something special about sipping fine tequila at its origins. The Sauza family began bottling tequila in this region in 1873 and was the first brand to export the liquor to the United States.,Book a tour here around the tequila farms and distillery with GetYourGuide. With their flexible cancellation policy you can make your travel plans today stress-free of any changes.,Their modern plant sits right in the small town, across the street from a handsome hacienda where we lunched on chamorro (pork shank in a red sauce) and chilled tequila cocktails. A bottle of Tres Generaciones accompanied me home.,I devoted one morning to architect Luis Barragán, who set the tone for contemporary coastal and urban Mexican architecture in the 20th Century. Barragán was born in a rural village near Guadalajara in 1902 and educated in the city, where a few of his early works are open to the public.,Architect Jorge Curiel Flores took me around town to a few of the master’s creations. We started with Casa Cristo, built in 1929 and now operated by the Jalisco College of Architects. At Casa Cristo, Barragán’s bold modern focus on angles, planes and shifting light was evident in the glowing ochre walls, archways framing multiple gardens and indoor niches and rooms.,Find more architectural and pyramid tours and trips to Tlaquepaque here with GetYourGuide.,Lines and shadows held my attention at the golden-hued Casa ITESO Clavigero, constructed in 1929 and now operated by the city’s Jesuit university. Forest-green glazed tiles edged roofs and the simple, still square fountain within the villa’s multiple gardens and terraces.,The house is such a perfect example of Guadalajara’s Tapatia architecture it was declared a National Monument in 2006.,A pilgrimage to the murals of José Clemente Orozco was also imperative. A contemporary of Diego Rivera and the other artists of the Mexican mural movement, Orozcó had a pessimistic view of the revolution and subsequent government.,His palette was gray, offset by strong bursts of orange and red. His impressive Guadalajara murals are conveniently located in the historic district, enabling a visit to the 16th-century cathedral, the lovely Art Nouveau kiosko (bandstand) in the Plaza de Armas and the Mercado San Juan de Dios, the largest indoor market in the Americas.,At the Spanish-Moorish Palacio de Gobierno, I studied Orozco’s grim depiction of the Mexican Revolution rising above the steep marble stairway. In Father Hidalgo, he portrays the father of Mexican independence, who encouraged indigenous people to revolt against their oppressors, as a fierce figure surrounded by fire.,At the Instituto Cultural Cabañas, an early 19th-century orphanage, the muralist covered the long nave’s walls, ceiling and domes with his interpretation of indigenous and European interactions filled with anguish.,The frescoes are so overwhelming in size and drama the institute is sometimes called the “Sistine Chapel of the Americas.”,Find information about Guadalajara at https://visitguadalajara.com/.,If you are looking for a more private stay in Guadalajara, check out VRBO. This booking site lets you stay in unique homes, apartments in the heart of the city and luxury villas for reasonable prices. Book your dream stay in Mexico here.,You’ll also find stellar accommodations for all budgets in the city, from artful rooms in restored mansions to über-chic boutique hotels to reliable brand names with pools, business amenities and bountiful club lounges.,Suggestions include the urban hacienda-style Villa Ganz, a restored 20th-century mansion loaded with antiques, art and welcoming spaces; sophisticated Hotel Demetria, a favorite of director Guillermo del Toro in the fashionable Colonia Lafayette; and the Presidente Intercontinental Guadalajara, a super comfortable, accommodating member of one of my favorite Mexican hotel chains with excellent restaurants, a rooftop lap pool and fitness center and lavish spreads in the club lounge.,Enjoy style and sophistication à la the ‘30s at Napier’s Art Deco Weekend. This is one party you won’t want to miss.,No one would claim that the ’20s and ’30s were perfect years, but they had a sense of style and sophistication that has never been forgotten. That style lives on at Art Deco Napier.,Napier, a town of 56,000 in the heart of Hawke’s Bay wine country on New Zealand’s east coast, throws itself with enthusiasm into the past: Every year on the third week of February, locals and visitors dress to the nines. Hundreds of spit-and-polish vintage autos cruise along Marine Drive, big band music wafts through the air, and laughter is everywhere.,Some visitors return annually. Anne and Geoff Beetham of Auckland have been here eight times: “Every year we say we won’t come again, and every year we come again,” she says. George and Iris Phillips of Orewa (north of Auckland on the Hibiscus coast) have been twice “and we’re booked for next year,” he says. Phillips, 75, loves to sing and is often invited to join the men’s choir that strolls through the heart of the downtown area. “It’s fun,” he says, with a big smile.,Peter Mooney, Art Deco Festival coordinator, tells the story of an English woman who made her first visit to the Art Deco Festival in 2003. “She wore a long gown with a train. She said it was the gown she had worn when she was presented at Buckingham Palace,” he says. This year she returned to the festival, with a dozen friends in tow to this North Island city.,Napier (a four-hour drive north of New Zealand’s capital, Wellington) is a popular retirement and tourism center, set among rolling hills where sheep farms, orchards and vineyards flourish, and agriculture — mostly vineyards — is the main industry.,The city was destroyed by a massive earthquake (7.8 on the Richter scale) on February 3, 1931. Only a few buildings in the downtown area survived and 162 people died. Napier was rebuilt in just two years.,At that time Art Deco was fashionable. It was safe, as all new buildings had to be built of concrete — a material then thought to be resistant to earthquakes and fire. And it was cheap to build with concrete. The typical relief stucco ornaments were an economical way to beautify buildings during the Great Depression. Today, Napier is said to have the largest collection of Art Deco buildings outside Miami. It was from tragedy that today’s treasure was created.,Art Deco was a movement in decorative arts that also influenced architecture. Its name was coined during the World’s Fair held in Paris in 1925, which was formally titled “Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes.”,Art Deco, which is considered to be eclectic, was a major style in Europe from the early 1920s. It is characterized by use of organic materials such as sharkskin and zebra skin, zigzag and stepped forms, bold and sweeping curves, chevron patterns and sunburst motifs. One example of the popular sunburst motif is the spire of the Chrysler building in New York City.,It was an opulent style, attributed as a reaction to the forced austerity during the years of World War I. By the late 1930s — the decade perhaps most strongly associated with it today — it was in its Streamline or Streamline Moderne phase. This followed manufacturing and streamlining techniques arising from science and mass production. After World War II, the International Style, devoid of all decoration, dominated. Not until the late 1960s did people begin to rediscover Art Deco as a symbol for vigor and optimism of the Roaring Twenties.,Carol Hall, an ex-patriot American who has lived in New Zealand for 13 years, bought 10 outfits for the festivities. On Friday night, she was clad in a beige dress and fur stole and a snappy little brown hat. Her “gentleman friend,” Bruce Cato, dressed in a tux and bowler hat. For Saturday, Carol chose an outfit all in white for a ride through town during Automobilia, an Art Deco vintage car rally with more than 150 participating vehicles. And on Sunday, she donned a fur-trimmed off-white dress for the Gatsby picnic in the park along Marine Parade.,“You’ve picked the best weekend to be here,” Carol tells me. “Everybody has fun. Everybody looks fantastic.” It’s a good thing to return to the past once in a while, she adds. “We’ve lost a lot of style.”,But there’s no loss of style this weekend.,Even two-year-old Roman Walewski dons a tiny tux and bowler hat. He is the spitting image of his father, Cornel, who wears the same duds, while his mother, Amy, is a brilliant flapper in blue.,Hundreds of others join in the fun, flappers and swell fellows in sporty jackets and boaters, to say nothing of those wearing black suits, white ties and carrying violin cases. Max Patmoy chooses a different kind of costume; each year he arrives dressed as Charlie Chaplin’s “little tramp.” He’s become a fixture at the festival, particularly at the “Depression Dinner,” held on Saturday night.,About 250 people start their evening at a “soup kitchen” at Marine Parade, then stroll, tin mugs in hand, a few blocks to Clive Square where long, paper-covered tables have been set up at a marquee. En route, some stop at an outdoor pub to fill their mugs with beer. Others use them as begging bowls.,“I’ve got NZ$ 1.65 here,” one woman laughs. “Soon I’ll have enough for the illegal gin.”,Dinner is lamb stew served on tin plates and accompanied by slices of white bread. It’s a raucous crowd; there’s much banging of tin mugs on the tables in response to the music and jokes from the quartet that entertains us with songs of the ’30s. But it’s not all Depression-style: wine and beer are available. Unlikely that would have happened at the soup kitchens of the 1930s.,The Art Deco Weekend got its start in the early ’80s, coordinator Peter Mooney explains, when a group of visitors from the International Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said: “Do you realize what you’ve got here?” After that, “a few enthusiasts created the first Art Deco walk. They expected a couple of hundred walkers. About 1,200 people turned up,” he says.,In 1987, the Art Deco Trust was established. “They made a very sensible decision,” says Mooney, “because the Trust really has no legal powers to stop people destroying the buildings. So, it was decided, if we can make these buildings a tourist attraction, then the locals won’t let the owners tear them down because the tourism brings money into the town.” In 1989, Art Deco Weekends were started and the fun began.,On Sunday, gazebos are set up on the seaward side of Marine Parade Park on Sunday for the Gatsby picnic. Families and friends gather to dine at tables set with white linen, fine china and silver tea sets. The menu includes tiny party sandwiches, elegant cakes, strawberries and cream, and tea. There is also a good deal of bubbly available, chilled in 1930s-style ice buckets. Some have even brought along wind-up phonographs on which they play songs from the “good ole’ days.”,But Anne and Geoff Beetham choose to dress down. They are clad as a ’30s couple hit hard by the Depression: She’s wearing a burlap skirt, cotton blouse and a kerchief; he’s wearing cotton pants and shirt and a vest. They have spread a blanket on the grass and are dining on onions, bread and water. After all, it was not all music, dance and bubbly in those long-ago years.,If You Go,Art Deco Trust Napier,www.artdeconapier.com,Tourism New Zealand,www.newzealand.com,One day in Florence, Italy is enough time to fall in love. Read of one person’s pursuit of food & passion in historic and beautiful Firenze.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,The train chugged on, leaving us on the platform in a cloud of grey smoke. At that moment I knew that Firenze was going to be much more than I had anticipated.,The station, with its high ceilings and towering rusty pillars tainted with history, loomed over my family and me. A feeling of foreign eccentricity washed over us.,Having arrived as the sun was setting, we were famished. We headed to the nearest pizza place. It happened to be an outdoor space bustling with teenagers and roaring with laughter, contrasting its plain red-white checkered theme.,When the food arrived, the very sight of the mozzarella drizzling from the piping hot crusts had us salivating. Before long, the four of us were devouring the olive and tomato-infused dough. Rolling the slices and finishing in a few bites, exactly like the locals.,A comforting homeliness settled, intertwined with the aroma of Margherita pizza.,The following morning, we were greeted with a buffet. There was a variety of cheese with little placards stating some undecipherable names and a display of some succulent Fettunta.,Being an overly enthusiastic tourist, I had made a list of some “must-have” dishes in every part of Italy. Bruschetta (also called Fettunta), the original garlic bread drizzled with a generous amount of olive oil and shredded cheese, was high on the priority list.,As we set off on our day in Florence, the warm sunlight coupled with the cold Mid-June wind made it difficult to tackle my hat as we walked down the cobbled pathways. Friendly locals, with their warm welcoming waves, helped guide us to the Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore (also known widely as Duomo di Firenze).,My first thought, that hit me like a tide was, “I didn’t expect it to make me feel so tiny.” From far off, it looked like classic Italian architecture consisting of a merging of Roman-Gothic styles. But, upon closer inspection, the intricacy and detail stole my breath away.,Specks of juniper green and scarlet, in the designs of the depicted figures, both stood out and completed the masterpiece. There was no doubt of the passion and skill of the architects. Clearly, long periods of time were spent sculpting away, displaying their marvelous skills and putting their talents up for millions to see.,It also made me think of Dan Brown’s book Angels and Demons, my mind whirring at the beauty of it all.,Tracing the map with squinted eyes, we finally ended up in Uffizi Gallery, only to realize the ticket booths had closed a while ago. Anxious to not waste the trip, we decided to roam Loggia Dei Lanzi.,Here we observed Italian art students who had ventured there and were engrossed in recreating paintings of the structures on view.,You could travel to Italy and join the students as an English teacher. Immerse yourself in the art, food and culture while getting paid to teach. Check out your life-changing opportunity to enjoy the magic of Florence here.,Most of the sculptures were carved with precision, emulating the folds and curves of a real human being. However, it was the charcoal black sculpture of Perseus gripping the slain Medusa’s head that most astounded me.,It had a silky-smooth texture of chiseled muscles and a tinge of green every time the sun rays skimmed over it that left me awe-struck.,Having swooned over Roman architecture and rambled on about the Roman myths regarding each piece of art, we headed to a nearby Gelato place. We indulged ourselves with syrupy gelato, thick with flavor and immersed in an overwhelming velvety sweetness.,I chose a scoop of espresso, rich with the taste of coffee and creamy cocoa beans, along with a scoop of chocolate mocha. The vibrant colors complimented each other so well that I melted my gelato in the process of some intense food photography.,Despite the long day, the air and serenity in Florence keep anyone from getting weary of walking and the views keep it exciting and adventurous.,As the sun descended, groups of teenagers appeared on the streets reverberating with euphoria. Middle-aged people walked on after a long day of hustling, radiating a surging aura of hopeful dreams.,A common feature of all the locals was the subtle smile dancing on their lips and the warmth they gave off in the slightest whispers of “Ciao.” My day planner dangling from my fingertips, we found ourselves at the last scheduled sight of our day in Florence, the Ponte Vecchio.,The medieval arch bridge built over the Arno River dates back approximately 670 years making it one of the oldest of its kind. Through all the storms and turmoil it has remained upright proving its endurance.,As my eyes wandered over its ethereal stonework, the intoxicating aroma of pastries and fresh buns wafted in the chilly night wind. The rambling of hawkers with their souvenir baskets rippled through the trance the bridge had everyone under.,Night had fallen. The sky was a dark navy with the slightest shimmer of stars. Ponte Vecchio was filled with couples, solitary individuals and families. A beautiful tapestry of locals and tourists, all lost in their own thoughts.,Before long, a street musician took up his guitar and strummed the first notes to a song. The words were unfamiliar yet I would want no other words muttered at that very moment.,His husky voice echoed in absolute sync with the melody his fingers smoothly wavered over, the tune resonating all day through the streets of Florence.,Read about other romantic towns & cities around Europe,My glance lingered on the people- the brunette woman in her late thirties. Her hair streaked with white and her face streaked with the remnants of dried tears. Trembling fingers clutched at her own waist as if giving herself the embrace she craved. Perhaps thinking of the love she had held so close but lost.,A couple in their early twenties, fingers intertwined and eyes gazing into the depths of each other. Possibly muttering silent prayers for the blazing flames of love to never get extinguished.,An elderly woman gripping her clutch, an incomplete smile left on her chapped lips, perhaps reminiscing on the love she once visited this place with.,Finally, a handsome Middle Eastern young man in his teens, his face shadowed by a shade of melancholy. Maybe wishing for love or drowned in memories of where he came from.,You could also find love during your stay in Italy living with a local family as an Au Pair. Change up the course with a new adventure to one of the most romantic, family-oriented and revitalizing cities in the world. Find your opportunity and other destinations to see here.,Then there is my family, A brown family with children staring with wonder at a marvel thousands of miles from their motherland. Gratitude coursing through their bloodstream at being able to experience this moment.,Every single person each day is hypnotized by the magic of Florence. Strangers to each other, from different places around the globe, not speaking the same language, yet bound by the undeniable love that resided within each.,A love for architecture and history. An appreciation for different cuisines and flavors. The desire for affection and memories to live by. Woven together by the unquenchable thirst of adventure.,I stood there, charmed by the beauty bestowed upon this Earth. Finally feeling as though, in this sea of strangers whom I knew nothing about, I belonged. I finally felt at home. It was a perfect end to our day on Florence.,Don’t miss our Italy Travel Guide with information on what else to see and do in Italy.,Start planning your trip to the iconic city of Florence, Italy today. You can get prepared with hotel or VRBO reservations, local restaurant reviews, insider knowledge on how to get around and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Then plan out your plane tickets and ground transportation around Italy all in one place with OMIO.,Author’s Bio: Born in the capital of the tiny country Bangladesh, Samia harbors an unquenchable adventurous spirit and dreams of traveling all around the globe. When not busy studying as a first-year university student majoring in Criminology, she adores talking about her experiences, making plans for her next trips and spilling her thoughts on ink. A huge food and travel enthusiast unable to muster up the courage to open a travel blog and upgrade from sentimental Instagram travel stories.,Such a great post!!!
I visited many years ago, but have been dreaming of returning.,Known for its natural beauty and grey skies, here’s a list of rainy-day activities in Seattle from museums to markets to underground tours.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Seattle is known for spectacular views and great outdoor adventures in nearby mountain ranges, numerous parks, Puget Sound and lakes. But what do you do if your vacation is nothing but rainy days?,While the views may be a little less epic than anticipated, the opportunities to explore the great indoors are numerous with these rainy day activities in Seattle.,Although not the rainiest place in the USA, Seattle is also famous for rain with an average of 38 inches a year. However, if you are planning outdoor adventures that do get rained out, fear not. Grab your raincoat and head to these delightfully dry destinations.,Pike Place Market is perhaps the most visited destination in Seattle. Rain or shine, the food here is fine. Plus, the people-watching is nearly as entertaining as the fish that fly when the Fish Market makes a sale. With numerous restaurants, shops and events, it won’t disappoint even when the skies open.,While you may have to step outside occasionally, most of the vendors, stores and restaurants are inside and dry. There are areas where you can eat inside as well.,Some with great views of Elliot Bay and the Seattle Wheel. Perennial nearby foodie favorites include Piroshky Piroshky, Le Panier and Beecher’s Handmade Cheese.,Only the fish are wet inside the Seattle Aquarium making it one of the top rainy day activities in Seattle. The Aquarium is fun for all ages seeking to learn more about local sea and bird life and ecology.,You can view many types of fish from the Underwater Dome, watch sea otters and harbor seals and spy a Tufted Puffin. Highlights also include a Giant Pacific Octopus and a circular tank of jellyfish you can walk through.,This is one of several destinations you can visit using Seattle CityPass. This pass offers discounted rates to indoor wonders including the Space Needle, the Museum of Pop Culture and the Chihuly Garden and Glass.,A highlight for many visitors is the Space Needle. It was built for the 1962 World’s Fair and is a landmark you won’t want to miss. Rain or shine, your photos will still have the Instagram “wow” factor. With epic 360-degree views, you get a wonderful vista of Seattle from above.,The Space Needle has two fully enclosed levels, one with a revolving floor made of glass (The Loupe). You can also grab a drink at the Atmos Wine Bar or dine at the Atmos Café (reservations required).,The 42-second ride to the top is a thrill and you can opt for a ticket that allows an evening return. With a gift shop, an exhibit and views, this destination will leave you high and dry.,The Seattle Center is home to the Space Needle, the Museum of Pop Culture, Chihuly Garden and Glass and more. It was built for the Century 21 Exposition-also known as Seattle’s World Fair. Held April-October in 1962, it drew almost 10 million visitors.,The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Discovery Center sits adjacent to the Museum of Pop Culture. This space (free) offers an opportunity to learn about their work around the globe. There are also hands-on areas and exhibits allowing you to ponder how your actions can make positive changes.,Chihuly Garden and Glass is so bright inside, you’ll forget the skies are dark inside. It features the glass art from Dale Chihuly and his studio. Gallery after gallery offers colorful delights and installations including his renowned glass chandeliers and areas with nautical themes. There are glass-blowing demonstrations, a café, gift shop and the Garden is also a wonder.,The Armory, as it is known today, was built as the Seattle Field Artillery Armory in 1939. Today, it serves as a great place to grab a bite to eat or shop for official Seattle Kraken items (Seattle’s beloved National Hockey League team-who plays at nearby Climate Pledge Arena).,This building is stunning, and a recent update has provided a large central area with tables and event space. Have a meal or snack and take in the history. Restaurants include Blue Water Taco, Matt’s Fish Basket, Seattle Fudge and Starbucks (born in Seattle).,Another popular attraction within the Seattle Center is the Monorail. Just as fun today as it was in 1962 when it was the first full-scale commercial monorail.,Albeit not the transportation of the future anymore, it does offer an easy way to head downtown. Buy a ticket from the kiosk and step aboard for a short ride to your next stop, the Westlake Center.,Lovers of fashion and bargains will enjoy Nordstrom Rack and Saks Off Fifth.  ZARA, the popular Spanish retailer has a location here as well.,Nordstrom, founded in Seattle in 1901, has its flagship store across the street. In addition, nearby you’ll find Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Sephora and numerous independent stores, restaurants, galleries, markets and cozy coffee shops. ,With a short trolley or bus ride, you can discover one of the most unique rainy day activities in Seattle: Bill Speidel’s Underground Tour, located in Pioneer Square.,They’ll take you on a fun walk through the subterranean sidewalks and storefronts that were entombed when the city was rebuilt after the Great Fire of 1889. It’s like walking back in time as you journey beneath the city as we know it today.,Seattle also boasts several fine museums that are wonderful to explore on a rainy day. Seattle Art Museum is a short walk from Pike Place Market. It has an expansive collection of works from around the world from antiquities to contemporary works.,The Museum of History and Industry (MOHAI) along South Lake Union explores the history of the area and provides views of the lake. You might even see a seaplane take off. Wing Luke Museum of the Asian Pacific American Experience is in Chinatown-International District.,Programs and exhibits fulfill its mission: “We connect everyone to the dynamic history, cultures, and art of Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders through vivid storytelling and inspiring experiences to advance racial and social equity”.,Even if your outside plans are on hold for a day or two, you can still take part in some fun indoor activities that will elevate your pulse.,The REI Seattle Flagship Store will help you plan for future outdoor adventures. Plus, it gives you a little indoor adventure at the same time. REI Experiences offers the REI Rock Climbing Pinnacle. Since its opening in 1996, the 65-foot-tall Climbing Pinnacle has been treating climbers to great views of the skyline.,REI is known for its apparel, camping gear, hiking boots, shoes and so much more. The Flagship store feels like an adventure in itself. Designed with an enhanced wooded and natural setting, this urban oasis lets you explore and plan for when the clouds part.,Flatstick Pub (locations in Pioneer Square and South Lake Union) offers Seattle food, brews and indoor entertainment. According to their website, “There are only two rules at Flatstick Pub: drink local and have fun.”,Inspired to create a casual pub focused on craft beer featuring a unique (and challenging) indoor miniature golf course. With food on the table, and fun on your mind, play a round of mini golf or their other original golf-themed games: ‘Duffleboard’™, ‘Ball Jockey’™, and ‘stick putt’™. You can only find these here.,If your trip to Washington state turns out to be damper than you planned, take heart, the great indoors of this region has you covered with plenty of rainy day activities in Seattle.,For more information about planning your trip (rain or shine), visit www.visitseattle.org,Start planning your rainy day escape to Seattle today. Get prepared with knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan even more fun by booking some unique Seattle activities, expert-led tours and skip-the-line tickets to major attractions through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,For the ultimate flight deals, car rental options and vacation packages, check out CheapOair.,Author Bio: Mary Casey-Sturk is a travel and features writer based in Greater Cincinnati. Her work has appeared in Hyde Park Living Magazine, the Cincinnati Enquirer, Nashville Arts Magazine, Smoky Mountain Living Magazine, the Tennessean, Cincy Magazine, Long Weekends Magazine and more. Her book, “Eating Cheese Curds with Strangers: The Misadventures of a Travel Writer” is available now on Amazon,Travel off-the-beaten path in Europe and see one of the most charming Baltic countries. Here are the top things to do when you visit Lithuania.,Lithuania is a lesser-known destination that many visitors to Europe miss, but its ancient capital city, charming countryside and beautiful coastline make it well worth a visit. ,Lithuania is one of the three tiny Baltic countries, next to Estonia and Latvia. During the Middle Ages, it was one of the largest states in Europe. First, as the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and later in an alliance with Poland, as the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, which was dismantled by neighboring countries.,After that, the country was under Russian and German occupation until gaining its independence in 1990.,Today, Lithuania is an EU member, a modern country with beautiful cities such as Vilnius and Kaunas, wonderful nature, and many exciting locations worth visiting. Cobblestone streets, restaurants serving delicious and unique dishes, and a surprising number of interesting museums are just a part of it. Lakes, fascinating towns and castles, as well as places soaked in pagan history, can offer even more reasons to visit. ,Less than 3 million people live in this country. Lithuanians can be cold and indifferent toward tourists and newcomers. But if you want to win them over, tell them how much you enjoy their traditional cuisine or talk about basketball. ,Although there are many relics of the Soviet period, there is so much more than that in this country. Every Lithuanian travel guide recommends tourists visit the old town of Vilnius, Lake Galve, the bizarre Hill of Crosses, and the Curonian Spit, created by the incredible power of nature. ,Vilnius is the largest city in Lithuania and the second-largest city in the Baltic States. The Lithuanian capital has more than half a million inhabitants, and, in addition to Lithuanians, many Russians and Poles live in this city.,Old Town is the most popular place and the starting point for almost all visitors to Vilnius. Today, the Vilnius Old Town is on the UNESCO World Heritage List.,From Gediminas Castle, you can have the best view of the city of Vilnius. The castle is located on a hill, which you can climb on foot from Cathedral Square or use a funicular.,Gediminas Tower is the remaining part of the Upper Castle, and it’s named after the Grand Duke Gediminas from the 14th century. It is a significant location for the Lithuanian people, and it is even on their banknotes. If you want to understand medieval Lithuania better, you should definitely visit the Vilnius Castle Museum.,The Gate of Dawn was built in the 16th century as a part of Vilnius’ defensive wall with nine other gates. It is the only one preserved from demolition at the end of the 18th century. Today, it is one of the largest Catholic sanctuaries.,When it comes to religious places, the Vilnius Cathedral, also called the Cathedral Basilica of St. Stanislaus and St. Ladislaus of Vilnius is worth mentioning. It was the home of the coronation of many Lithuanian rulers. However, one of the most significant Gothic architecture buildings in Lithuania, built in the late-15th century, is  St. Anne’s Church, located in the Old Town.,When you are in Vilnius, the Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania is worth visiting. It was built in the 15th century, and it’s located in the lower castle of Vilnius. It served as a political and cultural center for a long time, only to be demolished at the beginning of the 19th century. However, at the beginning of the 21st century, it was renovated in the Renaissance style.,The Museum of Occupations and Freedom Fights is located in the former KGB building. You can see a former KGB prison and exhibitions about Soviet authorities’ repressions and the tenacious struggle for independence.,Vilnius has several other fascinating museums, like the Museum of Illusions, the Money Museum of the Bank of Lithuania, and the Toy Museum.,Uzupis is a Bohemian district in Vilnius, mostly known for street art, galleries and cute coffee shops. It is situated near the Vilnia river, and it’s recognizable as the smallest republic in the world. If you love art and you have a libertarian spirit, this place is ideal for you.,Only 100 years ago, Kaunas was the temporary capital of Lithuania. Today, it is the second-largest city in Lithuania, with about 300,000 inhabitants, an hour’s drive from Vilnius.,It is known as an academic city, with numerous universities. It features beautiful architecture, main streets without traffic, and many green areas. Those who love basketball have surely heard of the legendary basketball club Zalgiris from Kaunas.,Near Kaunas is the Pazaislis Monastery. It’s the Baroque monastery from the 17th century, one of the most-visited Catholic pilgrimages in Lithuania. ,The oldest part of Kaunas stretches around the confluence of the rivers Nemunas and Neris. In Kaunas Old Town, you can see buildings built in Gothic, Baroque and Renaissance styles. These buildings include Kaunas Town Hall, the House of Perkunas, the Historical Presidential Palace and Kaunas Cathedral.,In this part of Kaunas, you can explore numerous churches, museums and the main pedestrian street Laisves Aleja, 1.7 km (about 1 mile) long. You can also stroll along Vilnius Street, visit Kaunas Cathedral and St. Gertrude Church, or have fun at the Museum of Lithuanian Folk Instruments.,One of Kaunas’ main tourist attractions is a medieval castle built in the 14th century in Gothic style. The castle was of great strategic importance, as it was built near the Nemunas and Neris rivers’ confluence.,Today, one-third of the castle has been preserved, which is used to organize various festivals. In 2018, a large sculpture, “The Soldier of Freedom,” was erected. Next to Kaunas Castle is Santaka Park, a favorite place of many Kaunas residents where they enjoy walking among the beautiful greenery.,Make sure to bring a camera to capture all the beauty and memories from your adventures around Lithuania. One option that is ideal for traveling and having handy in your pocket is the Canon Powershot G5X. Check out the Canon digital selection and deals here.,You can see more than 3,000 sculptures and objects with motifs of the devil in the Devil’s Museum. The first collection was made by the Lithuanian artist Antanas Žmuidzinavičius. After his death, the collection multiplied with items brought by visitors from all over the world.,On all three floors of this museum, you can see objects made of wood and ceramics, as well as works of art in various shapes, colors and sizes.,Lithuania is the last European country converted to Christianity. That is why many stories, legends and beliefs from pagan mythology have remained among the people, including those about the devil as a representative of evil.,Klaipeda is a charismatic Lithuanian port on the Baltic sea. It is located in the western part of Lithuania and features beautiful German architecture. Old Town is one of the top tourist spots worth a visit.,You can see more than 100 beautiful sculptures at Sculpture Park, which was a cemetery  destroyed during the Soviet occupation. ,One of the top things to do in Klaipeda is to visit Curonian Spit. It is a national park with impressive sand dunes, beautiful beaches and small fishing villages, such as Nida. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site shared by  Russia and Lithuania. The only way to get to Curonian Spit is by ferry. ,You can also go on a day trip to Palanga, a popular Lithuanian summer resort on the Baltic Sea shore, with 18 km-long (11.1 miles) sand beaches. Near Palanga is the Amber Museum. This art museum is situated in beautiful Tiškevičiai Palace and holds one of the world’s most significant amber collections. ,The small town of Druskininkai is located on the river Nemunas. It is visited by many Lithuanians and people from neighboring  Poland and Belarus. Druskininkai is known for its beautiful parks and spa treatments, and you will enjoy beautifully landscaped gardens, walking trails and lakes. ,Be sure to visit Druskininkai Water Park, and if you like winter sports, the indoor Snow Arena will delight you. A musical fountain with light effects is always an interesting sight.,Grutas Park (Gruto Parkas) is a Soviet theme park near Druskininkai. Here you can see numerous statues from the time when Lithuania was a part of the Soviet Union. Among the 86 figures are statues of Stalin, Lenin and Karl Marx.,The Hill of Crosses is an essential place for Catholic pilgrims. It is located near the town of Šiauliai. The tradition of bringing crosses to place on the hill began in 1831, and since then, more than 100,000 crosses, statues of the Virgin Mary and other relics have been placed here.,The reason behind the creation of Hill of Crosses was the struggle for independence in the 19th century. In the first and second Polish uprisings, there were many victims without marked graves, so people placed memorials on this hill. Hill of Crosses is also a memorial to the communist regime’s resistance, which repeatedly tried to overthrow it.,Hill of Witches is a unique sculpture gallery in Juodkrante, on the Lithuanian Seaside Cycle Route. There are more than 80 wooden sculptures in this open-air museum, with the theme of witches and devils from Lithuanian folklore and pagan tradition. The first sculptures were made in 1979, and new ones have been added since.,The place where the gallery is located is also interesting since it is a wooded sand dune. Admission to this site is free.,The Trakai district has as many as 200 lakes, the most beautiful of which is Lake Galve, one of the deepest and largest lakes in Lithuania and featuring numerous bays. This lake has 21 islands, and one of them is the famous Trakai Island Castle.,Tourists can enjoy boat tours or cycling along the 18 km (11.1 mile) bike path along the shores of the lake. When the lake freezes in winter, a favorite pastime is skating. In the restaurants in Trakai, you can also try some local dishes. The most famous is “kibinai.”,Find expert guides and tours unique to each town in Lithuania from GetYourGuide. Check out their best-selling tours here.,Check out places to stay with Booking.com. From hotels to yurts in Lithuania, book your perfect place here and make your trip one that can’t be topped.,Author’s Bio: Marija Stojanovic Petkovski – Based in Serbia in Europe, Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,Lithuania is a lesser-known destination as you said but it’s one of the most beautiful destinations to spend a vacation and I think this is more than enough to make Lithuania trip a success.,Thank you for sharing, I enjoy reading!,We agree completely! 🙂,The capital of the Netherlands, Amsterdam, boasts world-famous art museums, canals and vibrant culture. Here are the top 10 things to do in Amsterdam. ,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Amsterdam’s endless canals, boutiques, coffee shops, world-famous art museums, stunning Dutch 19th-century architecture, iconic windmills and tulips are just a few reasons that visitors flock to this capital city of the Netherlands located in Europe. ,Not sure what you should plan to see first? No worries. We’ve put together a list of the top 10 things to do in Amsterdam, from where to sit back and enjoy an Amstel to the best canal cruises.,You can book your tickets for these activities through our partner, GetYourGuide. You’ll get a great price and easy booking. Enjoy Amsterdam.,Located on the Prinsengracht canal, the Anne Frank House was named for the author of one of the most famous diaries, Jewish Holocaust victim Anne Frank.,During World War II Frank hid in this house from 1942 to1944 until she was discovered by the Nazis. Her diary perfectly chronicles her life in hiding while coming-of-age during the Holocaust.,Touted as the most beautiful spring garden in the world, Keukenhof, or the Garden of Europe, is located in the town of Lisse southwest of Amsterdam. Keukenhof boasts around 7 million flower bulbs on its verdant grounds. ,If you can’t get enough flowers, be sure to visit the Bloemenmarkt on the Singel canal in Amsterdam. It’s the only floating flower market in the world.,One of the most famous art museums in the world, the Van Gogh Museum features the most impressive collection of works by Dutch artist Vincent Van Gogh. ,Located a stone’s throw from the Stedelijk Museum and Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum features the artist’s permanent collection, including 500 drawings, 750 letters and more than 200 of his paintings. ,If art is the music of your heart, the Rembrandt House Museum should also be included as a must-see on your trip to Amsterdam. Guided tours are encouraged at these museums to get the full experience.,Another must-see Amsterdam museum is the Dutch national museum Rijksmuseum, which pays homage to Amsterdam’s arts and history. It is located near the Van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam in the Amsterdam South borough.,The Netherlands capital, Amsterdam, boasts over 100 kilometers (62 miles) of grachten (the Dutch word for canals) with three main canals and 1,500 bridges all constructed during the Dutch Golden Age in the 17th century.,The best way to see most of these canals is via a boat tour or canal cruises, but crossing these canals by bike is also encouraged.,Dating to the 14th century, the Amsterdam Red Light District is a tip of the hat to Dutch architecture and is located in the oldest part of Amsterdam.,Keep in mind that the “red-light district” is also known as the pleasure grounds of the city, which means prostitution, a seedy nightlife and businesses centered around sex, such as strip clubs, adult theaters and shops.,Spanning 120 acres, Vondelpark is named for 17th-century playwright and poet Joost van den Vondel. This urban park is in the borough of Amsterdam-Zuid just west of the Museumplein.,Originally opened in 1865, Vondelpark is the most visited park in the Netherlands, with an average of 10 million visitors per year. Take a bike tour of Amsterdam to see it and more.,Perhaps the most iconic symbol of the Netherlands outside of tulips are windmills. Today, 19 of the original historic windmills built in the18th century are protected under the UNESCO World Heritage status.,They are still standing, although some have had to be rebuilt due to weather. The best way to see these windmills is to hop a bus that will take you between Rotterdam and Kinderdijk. ,In the city center of Amsterdam is the Jordaan district. Its inviting architecture and charming canal houses that weave through these tiny streets are the perfect backdrop of boutiques, celebrated restaurants and an unmatched ambiance.,For a more relaxed experience, the neighborhood of De Pijp or the Latin Quarter of Amsterdam offers the Heineken Experience in the one-time original brewery of the famous beer. ,🍺 Tip,If you want to immerse yourself into the Amsterdam craft beer scene, then consider taking this Craft Beer & Brewery Bus Tour, where you will visit three of the city’s best craft breweries, have guided tastings and get a real local insider’s perspective into the brewery scene in Amsterdam!,There are three palaces in the Netherlands, but the Royal Palace of Amsterdam is one of the most opulent from the inside. From the outside, it’s a more stoic view, but stately and awe-inspiring as well.,Located in the center of Amsterdam, next to Nieuwe Kerk and on the west side of Dam Square, the Royal Palace of Amsterdam is another must-see. ,Ready to explore the countless wonders of Amsterdam? Start planning your trip with insider tips on the best shopping, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Be sure to book exciting activities in Amsterdam, expert-led tours, skip-the-line tickets and foodie adventures through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates here.,For the best flight deals, train tickets and car rental options in Amsterdam, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,In this beautiful piece on Sri Lanka, videographer Chris Jeffers takes viewers on a colorful journey through the towns, cities and countryside of Sri Lanka.,‘SRI LANKA’ conveys the inspirational adventure I recently had travelling across Sri Lanka. My week-long journey allowed me to see the eclectic backdrops of this stunning island, visiting Polonnaruwa, Kandy and Galle along the way.,Starting at the top of the country, and making my way down, I observed wildlife in their natural surroundings, visiting turtle sanctuaries and seeing over 200 elephants in Minneriya National Park.,The local residents showed me a different side to Sri Lankan life, taking me on trips and teaching me about their food and culture, allowing me to sampling many native cuisines. Fish Curry was a particular favourite, accompanied with okra, rice, jackfruit and coconut sambol.,The next stage of my journey began with an early morning climb up pidurangala rock, which gave me an atmospheric sunrise over the soaring bolder – sigiriya rock – one which I shan’t forget.,After spending a few nights in a treehouse hotel, I moved on to experience the hustle and bustle of Kandy. A few highlights included The Dambulla Buddha caves which were filled with Buddha statues and beautiful cave paintings, whilst a memorable traditional dance at the Kandy Lake Club finished with fire breathers and fire walking.,Before I continued my journey from Kandy to Ella, I made a quick stop to a lush tea plantation where I discovered the hard work involved in the tea-making process. During this time, I saw how the leaves are picked, sorted and dried before packaging and even got to sample various teas.,It was then that I embarked on a railway journey from Kandy to Ella, which promised an eye-opening journey through Sri Lanka. Believe me, it didn’t disappoint. Through hills and mountains, the view was like something I’d never experienced before.,Arriving in the little mountain village of Ella, a haven for backpackers and tourists, I was eager to explore the area. A sunset hike up Adam’s Peak gave me the opportunity to also see Ravana Falls, a graceful waterfall which I managed to get closer to the next day, en route to Galle and Koggala.,Here I saw the local fishermen out in the ocean whilst surfers rode the high waves. Shacks serving fresh coconut and the peaceful beaches really made this part of the island a sanctum to relax.,Whilst traveling in Sri Lanka, I was also lucky enough to experience a full moon festival, (also known as Poya). This festival celebrated the full moon with Buddhist calm, where people dress all in white and light beautiful lanterns.,This tour round Sri Lanka was one of the best things I’ve done and I feel extremely lucky to have been able to immerse myself in its beauty, and to see so many sides of this cultural polygon. I was greeted daily with beautiful landscapes and pleasant surprises, from the captivating wildlife to the delightful people, I’ll never forget my adventure in Sri Lanka.,Chris Jeffers
www.channeleighty8.co.uk,@cjay12345
@channeleighty8,Really appreciate the articles and video on sri lanka , ours is a resplendent destination as marcopolo tagged in 1284s
Wish to write few articles
on sri lanka.
Regards
Samantha
Information officer,Want to attend an opera in Germany? Here is what you need to know about attending the opera in Munich, Dresden and more.,Continued from: Attending the Opera in Munich and Dresden,Going to the opera in Germany is a little like sampling the food in a different country: it may be hard to read the menu, but if you give it a try, you’re sure to find something you like. Here are some of my tips to help demystify the experience for international travelers.,Tickets and Seating,Opera is classical music’s equivalent of a rock concert: the premium seats are pricey, and they often sell out months in advance.,At the opera houses in both Munich and Dresden, I witnessed theatergoers wearing everything from jeans to sequined gowns. Men wore suit jackets or nice shirts. The style of dress also varies with performance time: Matinees and weeknights tend to be more casual; Saturdays and opening nights are more formal.,All operas are sung in the language they were originally written in, so even if you’re in the United States, La Traviata (by Verdi) will be sung in Italian and Carmen (by Bizet) will be sung in French. Operas have supertitles, translations projected above the stage, so that the audience can read the lyrics. (Sometimes there are seat-back translations rather than the above-stage projections.),In Germany, supertitles are in German—even when sung in German—because it’s often difficult to understand sung words even in your own language). Some operas, including Dresden’s Semper Opera and the Dresden State Operetta, also project supertitles in English.,It can be nerve-wracking to know when to clap—especially in a foreign country. Sometimes there’s light applause at the end of a scene, and there’s almost always a big ovation at the end of each act, when individual singers will often step out in front of the curtain for their bows. So what’s the etiquette?,This article is part of our series: A Night Out at the Opera in Germany,Author Bio: Freelance writer Laurel Kallenbach plays bassoon and is working on a novel about opera musicians.,An unexpected turn of events leads to a surprising glimpse into the everyday lives of Danish royalty.,With a sigh of contentment, like at the end of a good film, I watched as a female servant closed the drapes on the big picture window of the castle.,I was standing outside of Amalienborg Palace, the Copenhagen residence of Denmark’s reigning monarch, Queen Margrethe.,Viewing this scene, I realized that, when traveling, sometimes rambling off the beaten path yields the most exciting results.,My friend, Jeanine, and I had gone to Denmark for a three-day trip.,Having worked furiously to cram in as much sightseeing as possible, by the third day Jeanine and I had visited all of Copenhagen’s major attractions, and just wanted to relax and enjoy the city at a leisurely pace.,After dinner, walking along the Strøget ― the long pedestrian walk that spans much of Copenhagen ― we spotted a bus stop, for line 26, across the street.,Since we had no definite plans for our last few hours, we decided to hop on and let it take us to an unknown adventure.,Bus 26 is just one of many in Copenhagen’s fantastic public transportation system that crisscrosses the city. It is a great way to see Denmark’s capital without having to exhaust one’s legs or wallet.,(Get the Copenhagen Card at the airport or rail station; it allows unlimited travel on all bus and rail in Copenhagen.) Hotels in Copenhagen near the transportation lines are prime spots for accommodation in Denmark.,Quickly settling into the last pair of seats, we rolled along the streets, soaking in the colorful houses and shops we passed. Some homes were vibrant yellow, others were pink or green.,All buildings were tidy and orderly, in classic Scandinavian style. It was like taking a mini architectural tour of the city, minus an annoying tour guide.,Turning the corner off of the main boulevard, I looked to see which street the bus was now on, and noticed that we were approaching Amalienborg Palace.,Without thinking, I turned to Jeanine and said: “Let’s get off and see the palace at night.” At the next stop, in the middle of a quiet lane full of designer stores, we leaped off.,Not a soul was around on the streets adjacent to the palace on that chilly starry Sunday night, when we headed to the queen’s house.,As we entered the square, the only people to be seen were the palace guards and two other lone tourists.,Amalienborg Palace, the royal palace, is four historic buildings built around a big square. The queen and her husband live in one building, the heir to the throne, Crown Prince Frederik, and his wife, Crown Princess Mary Elizabeth, live in another.,Unlike in England, this palace is very accessible, with no heavily fortified gates. You can almost walk right up and look into a window.,There are a few guards around, but security is a lot more relaxed than one would imagine for a royal home.,Ambling across the cobblestone square in the crisp night air, I looked up at the queen’s residence, and immediately noticed that the lights were on inside the palace, and with the curtains drawn, we could see directly into Her Majesty’s home.,It was beyond imagination, to see how a current queen lived! Exhaling, I pulled on Jeanine’s arm and pointed: the queen’s dining room, painted in a beautiful light royal blue, shone out to us.,A long table or dining hutch in a dark-colored wood ran along one wall.,I dashed to the middle of the square and watched in fascination as various servants appeared to come in and out of the room, carrying dishes and silver trays. It seemed they were cleaning up from dinner, I presumed.,I was only 100 feet (30 m) from this room, and subsequently, the queen. I couldn’t believe my stroke of luck — I was watching a scene from Danish royal life.,I marveled as a woman came to slightly open the curtains in an adjacent room and close the dinning room curtains.,I wondered: Was the queen settling in to watch some television or read in the family room? What was her favorite book?,Suddenly the sound of car tires against the cobblestones reverberated in the square.,Hastily turning my head to the opposite corner of the square, I saw a Mercedes Benz enter into the compound where Crown Prince Frederik lived., ,Another, equally lavish, car followed the first one into giant green doors that were opened by tall men in royal red uniforms that harkened back to the 1800s.,The prince seemed to be having a party or get-together. I was elated! Maybe I would get to glimpse the prince himself.,With bated breath, Jeanine and I completely forgot about the queen in her humble family room, and instead focused our attention on the glamorous Prince’s party.,We hung around the square, watching as every 15 minutes or so another car went through the fantastical green doors.,They varied from super-luxurious Mercedes to beat-up Toyotas, but every time they got within 15 feet (4.5 m) of the building, those magical doors opened and Jeanine and I got to peak inside.,There was nothing too spectacular, though. It looked like the cobblestone drive continued farther.,But it wasn’t the extravagance that I was interested in, I was just excited to see how royalty lived when not on their official duties.,From here, they just looked like other people, only with many people to serve them.,An hour later, the cold started to settle into our bodies and we decided to head back to the bus station.,Though I was reluctant to walk away, I marveled in the knowledge that even with all the careful planning, it was a spontaneous act that made this trip’s lasting impression.,The Danish Monarchy,www.kongehuset.dk,Copenhagen Tourism,www.wonderfulcopenhagen.dk,Danish Tourist Board,www.visitdenmark.com,The Copenhagen Card can be purchased at tourist offices throughout Denmark, at the airport, major train stations, hotels and youth hostels.,It allows free entry to more than 60 museums and attractions, free transport by train, bus and subway. There are even discounts on many attractions, and on car rental.,You can choose between the 24-hour card for DKK$ 199 (US$ 33; children DKK$ 129 or US$ 21.50) and the 72-hour card for DKK$ 429 (US$ 71; children DKK$ 249 or US$ 41.50).,An exploration of Sweden’s forested and lake-dappled Dalarna province yields country cottages where artisans craft traditional and modern works.,The celadon birch leaves tremble in the warm breeze as I pick my way along the fern-edged path, up a slight incline. The moist, fragrant woods are dappled with sunlight, and I hear the burbling of a nearby stream. Scanning the verdant copse, I spy a delicate amethyst lily with black-spotted leaves in the middle of the path ahead, lit by a solitary beam of sunlight, and stoop to examine it.,Cocking my head, I realize that there is no stream. My senses have been fooled: It’s the trees sighing in the breeze. The path leads to a hilltop picnic table set in a shorn hayfield overlooking the curvaceous slopes of field and forest in central Sweden. My nose is tickled by the musty, dry-grass fragrance released by the warmth of the day, and I tilt my face to the sun, letting its radiance warm my skin.,I’m not on a hike; I’m waiting for a lunching merchant to open his shop so I can peruse his wares. And his shop isn’t in a city; it’s situated at the artist’s home, a hillside timber house rimmed by rose gardens, past Belgian horses grazing in vernal pastures and tidy red wood houses with white-lace curtains at the windows.,At the tourist bureau in the nearby lakeside village of Rättvik, I had found a flyer for Bosse’s Träslöjd — a wooden handicrafts shop where the owner, Bosse, makes his own versions of Sweden’s fameddalahäst (wooden horse).,Map by my side, I had ventured into the rolling countryside in my leaf-green rental Volvo, following the well-marked road signs to North Lindberg, a tiny hamlet of no more than a dozen farms. Bosse greeted me and suggested that I might enjoy a stroll while he and his wife had lunch.,“Välkommen tillbaka! (Welcome back)” says Bosse with a warm smile when I emerge from the woods. “What did you think of Semester Väg (holiday path)?” I enthusiastically share with him my lily discovery, and he explains that it’s common in this area.,I follow Bosse uphill to a rustic timber studio, and he unlatches the door and ushers me into the shady space, filled with shelves of dalahäster in mostly pastel colors. The area Bosse lives in, Leksand, is known for its richly colored, shiny red and yellow horses. Yet these horses are creamy pastel confections. An azure horse with gilt mane and a tiny seashell necklace draws my attention.,“That one reminds me of the sea near where I grew up, south of Göteborg,” says Bosse.,A lyrically lovely white mare with golden swirls of paint and a bell tied around its neck is the perfect gift for my 11-year-old horse-loving daughter, Kirsten.,“That one is patterned after my Shetland pony, Blända; she’s grazing in the forest right now.”,We share a conversation about our love of horses, and Bosse tells me about a nearby herd of horses that come from all over Dalarna for a “summer holiday” every year, to learn how to get along with other horses. As I thank him for my purchases, Bosse invites me to join him for a forest walk and picnic the next day at the fäbod (summer farm) where the horses are kept. I promise I will return, bearing sweet, local strawberries.,On the downhill drive back to Rättvik, with my radio blaring Swedish pop tunes and the heady fragrance of wildflowers in hedgerows wafting through the open window, I reflect on how this kind of experience is only possible away from the bustle of the city, where an artist working alone all day in his studio is eager to share his thoughts and his life with visitors.,I’m on a weeklong pilgrimage to Sweden, the home of my ancestors, to see old friends, dance to ancient, soulful fiddle melodies in country halls and experience the wonders of the flora and fauna in Sweden’s folk province. Just as, when at the seashore, I search for rocks with a white ring around them — “lucky stones,” my grandmother called them — I’m here to find treasures in unexpected places.,I’ve circled artisans’ abodes on my map, and plan to explore backwoods studios and lakeside cottages in search of handcrafted works of art that will summon up the scents of summer in Sweden whenever I look at or handle them.,I don’t know which is better … knowing precisely who it is who made the piece of art adorning my home, or the experience of discovery as I drive through some of the most beautiful countryside I’ve ever known.,And I’ve come to the right place: Sweden may be known as the land of the midnight sun and of tall blond people with an egalitarian bent, but for those in the know, it’s also a place where centuries-old folk traditions continue in artisanal ceramic bowls, glass vases, silver pendants, woven table runners and wooden baskets.,And one of the best places to find a broad array of these crafts is in Dalarna, Sweden’s lake-dotted folk province, three hours northwest of Stockholm.,The morning’s warmth holds the promise of adventure as I drive through woods north of Rättvik. Fireweed blazes in purple, pink and white in the roadside pastures, each of which seems to contain at least three horses, sometimes a whole herd. I’m in search of a gift for my husband, Eric, who loves thick, handsome, well-crafted ceramics. In restaurants and stores, I’ve seen the homey brown platters and vases from nearby Nittsjö Keramik, a well-known ceramics factory, and figure it’s just the ticket.,I pull up to a plain-looking two-story brick building in a clearing. It doesn’t look very auspicious, yet, when I enter, I am surprised at the size of the store and the extensive collection. A few customers wander among shelves that hold ceramic figurines, such as bright-rednisser — gnome-like folkloric figures known for their tender ministries to animals — and whimsical, bird-shaped ocarinas.,Other shelves are laden with serving ware in deep blues and earthy browns, all carefully hand painted with flower and leaf motifs. I select a cobalt-blue bowl with a daisy pattern painted along the rim for Eric. At home, it will become our favorite bowl for serving homemade applesauce, carrying me somehow back to both Sweden and my grandmother’s cinnamon-scented kitchen.,It’s another sultry day as I drive a winding road several miles southeast of Rättvik, toward the community of Tällberg — known for its crafts shops housed in tiny wood buildings centered on a grass courtyard. Rounding a bend in the road, I come across a sign for Siljansleden, a popular walking/bicycling path that circumnavigates 25-mile-long (40 km) Lake Siljan, Sweden’s third largest lake.,I turn down a side street and park the car next to a field. Wild roses, bluebells, daisies, buttercups and wild strawberries grow at the verge of the field. I stroll down a narrow lakeside street shaded by a canopy of birch trees. Small rock jetties curve from the shore, creating little pocket beaches where wooden rowboats rest, upside down. One jetty sports a delicate white pavilion. Nearby, a family sunbathes on a narrow deck.,Across the road from where my car is parked, bright-white letters on a rust-colored wood building declare it to be the workshop of a basket maker: Korgmakeri. I step inside Knäppasken Korgmakeri to find a quiet, bespectacled man, Björn Majors, peeling inch-long strips from a paper-thin sheet of birch wood. Pungent curls of wood shavings are piled high between stacks of woven baskets.,As he works the wood, his hands deftly hefting tools, Björn tells me how he retired from postal work in the city to take up his dream job, woodworking in a relaxing country setting. The crinkles at the corners of his eyes speak as loudly as his words, when he says he has found the perfect niche for himself.,I let Björn tend to other customers who enter the shop, and absently pick up an oval willow-and-ash tray whose sides are made of a single strip of willow, curved and fastened with tiny pegs and, improbably, running stitches made of wood fiber. It’s cool and smooth as a child’s cheek, and I keep returning to caress it.,I decide it will be perfect for serving sandwiches, and I can imagine pretty cupcakes nestled on a linen cloth on it; clasping the tray to my chest, I thank Björn for making such an elegant piece of art as I make my purchase.,In Tällberg, I poke in and out of the crafts shops, fingering linen dresses and woven tablecloths, eyeing locally made ceramics and jewelry. But the prices are high. A tray similar to the one I just bought costs one-third more.,Before returning to the car, I mount wooden stairs to the deck of Siljansgårdens Kaffestuga (Lake Siljan farmstead coffeeshop) high above the lake, where I enjoy moist, heart-shaped vaffler med hjortronsyllt och krämme (waffles with golden-hued cloudberry jam and whipped cream).,Farther south, I cross a high bridge over Dalälven River where it flows out of Lake Siljan, and roll into the old part of Leksand, a community of 15,400 with a lovely 13th-century church. As with the other approximately 100 villages in the area, Leksand is a place of living traditions. Locals still row to church on special occasions in a long boat festooned with birch boughs, they still dance around the maypole that stands at the center of the village every mid-summer eve, and they still wear richly colored folk costumes for celebrations.,Tendrils of embroidery on poppy-red vests and carefully stitched golden scrollwork on the shoulders of deep-blue wool waistcoats speak of the region’s rich textile heritage in an alcove of Leksand’s Hemslöjd (handicraft shop).,Hemslöjds, found in towns throughout Sweden, are an outlet for local artists to display their wares. For visitors without time to wander through the countryside, hemslöjds, which feature an astonishing range of artisan crafts, are the next best thing. While prices can be on the high side, prices at hemslöjds are often lower than at commercial, tourist-oriented crafts markets — and artists who sell at a hemslöjd get a fair cut of the profits.,Leksand’s hemslöjd is the best I’ve seen yet, its shelves lined with traditional crafts and modern interpretations alike: A modernist metal candleholder takes the shape of a grazing horse, with space for four candles along its back. Upstairs, in a section filled with handcrafted wood furniture and housewares, I come across plump round bowls that beg to be held.,Inside, they are the pure white of birch; their outsides are painted a luminous cerulean blue. Turning one upside down, I am startled to see my own name — Forsberg. Surely I’m not related, but it does give me pause, as I muse about whether a nearby artist shares my family’s bloodline.,I squint as I step out the doorway into the brilliance of the sun. Billowing clouds, pregnant with rain, drift languidly at the horizon. It’s muggy, and I’m ready for a dip in the lake. The hemslöjd clerk has told me how to get to her favorite beach. I park the car at a pullout in the woods above the lake and scramble down a steep path to a lovely shoreline walk lined with tiny, nook-like beaches separated by small rock jetties.,I settle onto a copper-colored sand beach that’s flecked with shiny, pink-and-orange and gray-and-white shards of granite. A trio of young blond boys pokes along the shore at the next beach over, shovels and buckets in hand, while their mom sunbathes, book in hand.,I wade through the brisk water until I’m waist-deep, then swim out to nearby rounded rocks. Perching on one, I view the low, pine-and-fir cloaked hillsides interspersed with clusters of russet houses, and listen to the happy squeals of the boys as they splash in the water. Nature and man seem to coexist so peacefully here.,A freshet of air springs up, ruffling the surface of the water, and the sun glints off it like molten silver, like flecks of quartz in the granite rocks. A quicksilver memory that will stay with me, to return whenever my gaze is caught by the flash of my silver heart pendant, the glint of the bell on Kirsten’s dalahäst, or the airy presence of other talismans found amid the trees and lakes of central Sweden.,If You Go,Bosse’s Träslöjd
Norr Lindberg 65
793 90 Leksand
++ 46-0247-603-18,Nittsjö Ceramics: www.nittsjokeramik.se,Knäppaskens Korgmakeri
Laknäs
79394 Tällberg
++ 46-0247-50742,Leksand’s Hemslöjd: www.hemslojden.leksand.org,Swedish Hemslöjd Locator: www.hemslojden.org,Tourist Information Offices in Dalarna: www.sverigeturism.se,Swedish Travel & Tourism Council: www.VisitSweden.com,How can you support the Asian Community in New York City? Visit and support Asian-American owned businesses, art, restaurants and markets.,You could begin to show your support for the AAPI community in New York City by frequenting the Asian communities in New York City and helping their businesses stay alive: Chinatown in Manhattan, Chinatown in Sunset Park in Brooklyn, Chinatown in Flushing in Queens and Koreatown in Manhattan, for example.,That’s a very good start — there is a high concentration of AAPI businesses with a myriad of restaurants, shops and more, all ready to give you an immersive Asian experience with authenticity.,Outside of these Asian neighborhoods, there are many options, too, for partaking in the AAPI experience. Show your support of NYC’s rich “melting pot” by patronizing local businesses and cultural events and volunteering to help those in need.,Let’s recognize the history, culture and achievements of this community and make a statement that shows our unity.,Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama’s “Cosmic Nature” exhibit at the New York Botanical Garden is a foray into color and form, with a mix of inventive polka-dotted organic forms, photographs, drawings, wrapped trees and garden arrangements.,The installations and artwork reflect the artist’s time in New York City and Japan and her fascination with the natural world. The exhibit will evolve with new openings and seasonal changes through the spring, summer and fall. Tickets are available through October 31 for timed entry.,Chinese artist Linjie Deng adds to his showings at Carlton Fine Arts in Manhattan with “Asian Art SPA,” conceptual artwork inspired by the shootings in Atlanta and an unprovoked attack he suffered at an NYC subway station. All proceeds from sales of the artwork go to Think! Chinatown, a community-based organization that supports and amplifies the voices of Asians in New York City. The exhibit runs through May 24.,Blending Chinese traditional and American modern dance, Nai-Ni Chen Dance Company was founded by Taiwanese choreographer Nai-Ni. Tickets are currently available for performances online through the South Orange Performing Arts Center (SOPAC).,Through the end of April, Carnegie Hall’s multi-culture online festival “Voices of Hope” includes partnerships with China Institute and Japan Society.,Currently performing “The Emperor’s Guideline,” a virtual family-oriented production set in 18th-century China, the 44-year-old Pan Asian Repertory Theatre is a member of the National Asian Artists Project which promotes access for Asian American artists.,The only Japanese-owned boutique hotel in NYC, Hotel Kitano is a beautiful, if understated, example of Asian style.,Mansa Tea, offering brews from both China and South Korea, has increased awareness of tea culture at many of the city’s fine dining establishments including Per Se and the Baccarat Hotel and now through virtual tea workshops.,Support the restaurants and food providers that contribute so much to the fabric of NYC’s culinary landscape. From Chinatown to Uptown, small to large, casual to fine dining, every meal that you buy is a sign of support.,Make your Sunday night Chinese dinner a Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday event as well, dining outdoors or indoors at 100-year-old Nom Wah Tea Parlor, or order takeout from Michelin-starred Jungsik (modern Korean) and Mifune (Japanese), both now offering striking meal sets for home dining.,New York-based Mansa Tea has increased awareness of Asian tea culture at many of the city’s fine dining establishments including Per Se and the Baccarat Hotel. With restaurant closings, Ashley Lim, the company’s founder and tea sommelier, is now scheduling virtual tea workshops.,After years of having their ice cream creations displayed on dessert menus at Tao, Nobu and other top NYC restaurants, Mochidoki opened its first brick-and-mortar store. Committed to success despite their launch at the start of the pandemic, the Japanese-inspired SoHo shop has just had its first birthday, offering birthday cake mochi to celebrate.,Also in SoHo with a second location in Chelsea, Japanese-owned Harbs closed its UES bakery/cafe but continues to mesmerize downtown with original cakes that qualify as works of art.,You can support the AAPI community and at-risk workers by patronizing their various businesses that add to the cultural fabric of the city.,Two notable markets in Brooklyn and New Jersey will improve your awareness of the Asian community. Sunrise Mart sells all things Asian from skincare to fruit and seafood at Japan Village in Industry City, Brooklyn, and in various locations in Manhattan.,The enormous Mitsuwa Marketplace market in Edgewater, NJ is a mix of a Japanese grocery store, food court and pharmacy. Uniqlo, the go-to for reasonably priced outerwear, has its roots in Japan and a flagship store on Fifth Avenue.,If you’d prefer something more bespoke, Emmelle Boutique on Madison Avenue has been a standout among women’s shops since 1982. Founded by Korean-American fashion designer Mi Jong Lee, the store features the Emmelle and Mi Jong Lee collections as well as select lines from both established and emerging designers.,Designing out of a tiny studio in New York, Japanese-American Trisha Okubo creates the popular selection of earrings known as the Ear Bar for Maison Miru.,Even more important today, AAPI organizations offer online learning that fosters cooperation and understanding among countries.,Robust scheduling from Asia Society includes discussions, performances and family programming with a multi-cultural emphasis. Japan Society offers year-round events dedicated to Japanese art, theater, film, language and culture. Virtual classes in Mandarin and Chinese culture are now being offered at China Institute.,In addition to national organizations like Stop AAPI Hate, there are numerous NYC-centric ones with a mission of supporting AAPI-owned businesses and protecting Asian Americans.,Sign up for the newsletter from Welcome to Chinatown for news and a resource guide to help preserve NYC’s Chinatowns. Think! Chinatown welcomes all volunteers to assist with projects helping the Asian community.  Show your conviction at Protect Chinatown where you can volunteer to help those suffering from both the pandemic and hatred against the community.,Through Heart of Dinner, you can deliver care packages or meals to Asian elders in need, while also supporting local food businesses.,If you are traveling to the U.S. from abroad, you may want to check out the USA Travel Guide.,Races across the globe offer the visitor a chance to meet locals and see the sights in a way few ever do.,The day after flying into Rome, I woke up at 7 a.m., took a cab to the stadium at the Baths of Caracalla, and ran in the Roma Urbs Mundi 10K race. I was probably the only foreigner running, but no one could tell; Romans and tourists cheered when I passed the coliseum.,A few minutes later, I glanced up from the irregular cobblestone sidewalk and realized I was passing “the typewriter,” the monument erected in memory of Victor Emmanuel II, the first king of unified Italy. Toward the end, another woman and I exchanged looks as we approached one of Rome’s seven hills, basically saying, “this is going to be hard.”,Finally, after crossing the finish line, I returned to the stadium steps to rest. A runner’s young son saw I had no water, and timidly offered me his cold bottle of frizzante. The gesture was completely unexpected, and I felt a sense of accomplishment.,The event took only one morning out of my weeklong vacation, but it let me tour Rome in a way that out-of-towners usually don’t. Running in a locally organized race allowed me to feel like a resident, even though I don’t speak Italian. I simply needed to wake up early and don my sneakers.,Other travelers and running enthusiasts throughout the world are doing the same. Last year, more than 87,000 people worldwide applied to the New York City Marathon alone. Visit Websites such as www.active.com, www.RunnersWorld.com and www.RunThePlanet.com, and you’ll find links to races held in almost every nook and cranny of the world, even Antarctica.,More and more, runners travel in order to run, and tourists run in order to travel. Below is a roundup of five races held on five continents, rated by difficulty. Run one of these, and you’ll get a glimpse into the local life of your travel destination.,Harbour Day Run (3.1 miles; 5K), Hong Kong, China,Last year, Hong Kong threw its first Harbour Day festival to celebrate Victoria Harbor, one of the world’s busiest and most admired ports. This November, 300 to 400 runners are expected to run in the races, which are held on the Oriental Golf City golf course and driving range. Oriental Golf City is situated on the Kowloon Peninsula where the old Kai Tak airport runway was once located.,The course looks out onto rugged mountains, the harbor waters and Hong Kong Island’s towering skyline. Not only is the course flat and relatively easy, but November is when temperatures, humidity, pollution levels and hotel rates drop, and plant life, such as the Hong Kong orchid tree (which appears on Hong Kong’s flag and coins), comes into bloom.,This year, there will be music to psych runners up at the start and end of the races, and registrants will receive free T-shirts, food and other giveaways. The festival also includes sailing, rowing, windsurfing, golfing and rugby events. For more information, visit www.harbourday.hk. Photos: www.revolution-asia.com.,Adidas Run for the Parks (4 miles; 6.4 k), New York City, USA.,Even if you walk in this race, which is popular with families, you’ll fit in perfectly with this city of pedestrians. Held in April, when temperatures reach a very pleasant 60 or 70° F (15-21° C), the race takes participants through Manhattan’s Central Park.,It starts at Bethesda Terrace, where the famous Angel of the Waters fountain overlooks Central Park’s lake, and continues past John Lennon’s beloved Strawberry Fields, the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Egyptian wing, down Cat Hill (try spotting the predator cat sculpture on your way down) and, finally, back to the Bethesda Terrace.,Runners receive loads of post-race goodies, thanks to the New York Road Runner’s Club, which organizes the event in partnership with Niketown and the City Parks Foundation. Look forward to music and free T-shirts, water, bagels, bananas and apples.,Don’t fill up on the bagels, though, because the race ends only a few city blocks away from the Tavern on the Green and many other renowned restaurants in and around Columbus Circle. For more information, visit www.nyrr.org and click on “Run for the Parks.” Photos: www.nyrrc.org/race/2005/photos.,Roma Urbs Mundi (6.2 miles; 10K), Rome, Italy,This year’s race will be held October 15, a great time to visit Italy. The weather is mild and kind on visitors, with highs typically reaching the 60s (15° C) and autumn colors covering central Italy’s mountains, farmland and seaside towns. Best of all, the tourist high season nears its end in October, meaning that travelers don’t have to compete for hotel space or wait in long lines at tourist attractions, as they would in the summer.,The event begins at the Baths of Caracalla stadium, where 3rd century Romans used to socialize and relax, and then winds around the edge of the Imperial Forum, Michelangelo’s Campidoglio, the Coliseum and the San Saba Church, where Antipope Constantine II was imprisoned in the 700s.,While the first half of the race is on fairly flat terrain, beware: The second half is mostly hills. After the race, registrants receive water and food such as croissants and yogurt. Alternatively, you can do as the Romans do and drink straight from the city’s public spigots. For more information, visit www.romaurbsmundi.it. Photos: www.romaurbsmundi.it.,Corrida de São Silvestre(9.3 miles; 15K), São Paulo, Brazil,Even runners party hard in festive Brazil. Head to São Paulo on New Year’s and race against 15,000 fun-loving, pumped-up runners. While professional, elite athletes from as far away as Kenya, Korea, and Serbia and Montenegro compete in this highly prestigious race, many everyday Brazilians and runners from other countries line up for the celebration as well.,Regarded as one of Latin America’s major athletic events, the race occurs every year on Saint Silvestre’s Day, named in honor of a saint who was pope between the years 314 and 335. The first race took place in 1924 after Brazilian media mogul Cásper Líbero organized the event to promote his new sports newspaper.,The tradition continues today with many running in sequined costumes, colorful wigs, superhero capes, bells or anything else they can think of. Meanwhile, crowds cheer on athletes with applause, hoots, hollers and, occasionally, fireworks. While the mood may be easy-going, the course is difficult.,The summer heat and humidity can be intense, and there are hills. Meet the challenge, though, and you’ll entrench yourself in a truly Brazilian affair. For more information, visit www.saosilvestre.com. Photos: www.saosilvestre.com.br/2005/galeria.,Grape Run/Half Marathon (13.1 miles; 21 k), Cape Town, South Africa,Normally, only vineyard owners meander along the roads making up Cape Town’s Grape Run. Each year at the end of October, however, the Varsity Old Boys Running Club and the Constantia Valley’s wineries welcome runners onto estates famed for their atmospheric beauty, centuries-old Dutch heritage, complicated slave histories and, of course, their world-famous wines.,The sites — which include Groot Constantia, Klein Constantia, Buitenverwachting and Constantia Uitsig’s properties — are stunning, but there’s a price: The race is hard. For instance, in order to watch the sun rise over the sienna-colored dirt roads and the jagged green hills that wind through and around the valley’s farmland, runners have to cross the start line at 6:30 a.m.,The course is hilly, long, and can get warm after 13 miles of running, although typically no warmer than 70° F (21° C). Last year, approximately 1,000 athletes of all ages participated, and registrants received free wine glasses. For more information, visit www.vob.co.za. Photos: www.runnersworld.co.za., ,Things to do in Boothbay Harbor, Maine include hunting for trolls in the botanical gardens, following a sculpture trail and boating to puffins,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,I’m on a treasure hunt for trolls at the Coastal Maine Botanical Gardens in Boothbay, Maine. Yes, trolls – five mammoth-sized creatures who want to impart lessons they’ve learned about trees to all who find them. And they’re located deep in the forest, reached by a series of trails within this enchanting paradise.,The trolls are actually ginormous, recycled-wood figures crafted by Thomas Dambo. The Danish man is considered the world’s leading recycled-materials artist, famous for his troll sculptures.,His pieces are immense and eye-popping and each invites seekers into the Maine woodlands, while communicating a story of conservation.,Teachings are aimed at encouraging people to save seeds and plant more trees. Also to reduce and reuse and become better stewards of the environment by getting to know the nature existing in their own communities.,The hope is that by sharing one’s discoveries, it will help others expand their awareness and sense of wonder.,There’s Roskva, who stands for the trunks and is the heaviest and strongest of the trolls. He is also the one with the best memory. Lilja, the youngest of the trolls, holds the scent of the flowers.,She adores the colors and the aromas of the plants and is enamored when bees and butterflies flit among the branches. Then there’s Soren, who sticks up for the branches.,He’s a curious one and his head is always turning and twisting in a quest to search for higher places. When the wind blows, he rejoices with a special dance.,Gro smiles with the leaves. A wanderer, she disappears every fall, but then returns to the forest in the spring. Upon arrival, she creates a feast for the forest, making sure her friends are well-fed. Last but not least is Birk.,He holds the roots and is known as the wisest and most mysterious of the trolls. He hides in the shadows, listening to the whispers of the soil, and knows everything that happens in the wild.,When you’re not searching for trolls, explore the beautiful gardens, many of which feature native plants of Maine. The place is expansive, with hundreds of acres of mature forest, wetlands and a mile of tidal shoreline.,The Dahlia Garden, for example, showcases five dozen varieties of these colorful flowers. It’s a stunner in bloom, as is the Rhododendron Garden, with its floral feast, magnificent waterfall and sculptures.,The Great Lawn is a lovely open space, inspired by 19th-century landscape parks. One of its most distinctive features is Whale Rock, a large rock formation that rises out of the grass. And don’t miss the Arbor Garden and its lovely arbor that’s draped in climbing roses, wisteria, ornamental grapes and honeysuckle.,The Native Butterfly House and Gardens is a must. Dazzling butterflies abound amid the nectar plants, along with caterpillars munching off of their own special smorgasbord.,Other popular areas include the Bibby and Harold Alfond Children’s Garden and the Fairy House Village. Whimsical sculptures representing story characters by Maine authors dot the children’s garden, along with a treehouse, coloring playhouse and story barn.,The Fairy House Village is also a magical spot for kids. Here they are welcome to construct ephemeral fairy dwellings using any of the available natural materials in the forest.,After you’ve toured this unique place, drive to nearby Boothbay Harbor. This quaint town is perhaps one of the most picturesque in Maine. You’ll be captivated by its quiet coves and rocky shores, island lighthouses and boating culture.,There are also eclectic boutiques and antique shops, and dockside restaurants, serving up some of the freshest local catches. It’s a place that oozes quintessential coastal Maine allure.,A fun way to see the town is to follow the outdoor sculpture trail. There are 31 pieces installed around local businesses and within natural areas. Grab a free map and set off on a cultural adventure.,As you stroll the streets, not only will you get to enjoy some interesting local art, but you’ll also get to absorb the ambiance of Boothbay Harbor one step at a time.,There are actually over 200 artists in the region, which likely means the temptation to peek inside some of the town’s numerous galleries and studios during your walk will be strong. Looking doesn’t cost anything and the artists are always keen to talk about their work.,Of course, you’ll most likely be enticed to shop and eat. Handmade treasures abound for some great souvenirs. And with over fifty restaurants and cafes (in-season), going hungry in Boothbay Harbor is never an issue.,For lobster roll fanatics (guilty), head to Shannon’s Unshelled. This unassuming seafood shack really delivers.,Boothbay Harbor has been referred to as the “Boating Capital of New England” due to the number of seacrafts in town. So, if you visit the area in summer, you’ll definitely want to take one of the many boat excursions that depart right from the bustling harbor.,Such trips offer an opportunity to see the surrounding islands and espy puffins, seals and even whales. Or opt to rent a kayak and paddle around the area on your own steam.,There’s also plenty of hiking to be found, from easy trails to challenging treks. If you’re short on time, but still want to take a peaceful walk in the woods, I suggest Porter Preserve.,You’ll meander through an old-growth forest that has a stretch of shorefront on the Sheepscot and Back Rivers. Coastal views are plentiful and there’s access to a small beach overlooking an island.,Charming accommodations abound in this delightful town, but the historic Topside Inn with its laidback, coastal Maine vibe, is a standout. It was love at first sight for me, but the panoramic harbor views from the property’s stunning back lawn sealed the deal.,The inn is a serene retreat, yet it’s just steps from the waterfront and main street. This is a place you want to move into and never leave. And yes, I’m planning on putting my name on one of those Adirondack chairs!,You’ll have your pick of accommodations in the main house or the guesthouses with their private porches. Or up the ante and book the suite with its spacious living room, vaulted ceilings, fireplace, kitchen and master bath with soaking tub.,Every detail is accounted for, from the comfy beds and lux spa products to the sun-filled lounge areas and quiet nooks, 24-hour guest kitchen with an assortment of beverages and snacks, an intimate bar for those late afternoon libations, homemade cookies of the day and the delectable breakfasts.,I could wax rhapsodic about the breakfasts, which are prepared and cooked to order by the innkeepers and are a showcase for local, seasonal ingredients. Onsite gardens provide a bounty of produce and other offerings come from the nearby farmer’s market.,You’ll dine on such delights as banana bread French toast; lemon ricotta pancakes with blueberry compote; sour cream waffles with cherry-bourbon sauce; organic grits with Maine lobster and a sunny-side egg; pear, potato and lentil hash with house-smoked salmon; and other signature dishes.,Accompany your entrée with fresh fruit, in-house baked goods, homemade granola, yogurt and more. You’ll have no problem fueling up for a full day of adventure.,And if you want to keep the breakfast love coming when you get home, there’s now an official Topside Inn cookbook available for purchase. So, you, too, can learn how to dazzle your friends and family with impressive breakfast creations.,Interesting to note is that owners Mark and Buzz had careers in the corporate world before making the move to the hospitality sector. The men took to their new career with relish and it’s obvious they take pride in providing a memorable vacation experience for their guests.,They enjoy every aspect of running the inn and aim to please on all levels.  ,Topside and its owners have been recognized by several entities in the industry. Mark and Buzz were named innkeepers of the year in 2020 by Hospitality Maine and the property was named the number one inn in the state by Down East Magazine for 2021. The accolades are entirely well-deserved.,Start planning your harbor getaway to Maine today. Get prepared with insider tips on the best shopping, VRBO rental options, locally-rated restaurant favorites and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Enjoy even more fun in Maine by booking some expert-led tours, harbor activities and skip-the-line tickets to major attractions through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your trip dates in advance here.,More helpful links:,Author Bio: Debbie Stone is an established travel writer and columnist, who crosses the globe in search of unique destinations and experiences to share with her readers and listeners. She’s an avid explorer who welcomes new opportunities to increase awareness and enthusiasm for places, culture, food, history, nature, outdoor adventure, wellness and more. Her travels have taken her to nearly 100 countries spanning all seven continents, and her stories appear in numerous print and digital publications.,With stunning architecture, historic monuments and a rich cultural atmosphere, Cairo is one of the most exciting places to visit in the Middle East.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,As a passionate traveler, I occasionally find myself roaming the internet world and reading travel articles. Even if I have no plans coming up and am cash-strapped from the last trip, it is still interesting to understand the world from locals or first-hand experience, though I’ve found capitals have always been the lamest part of any trip.,I have come across a hundred posts mentioning how it is a waste of time to visit the country’s capital and it is not even worth a day.,Mostly, it is understood that there is not much to see other than huge skyscraper extravaganza or the bustling city traffic. While that is the case in most of the world, it is absolutely a whole different story when it comes to visiting Cairo, Egypt.,With a multi-diverse culture, Cairo comes up with a massive package that can’t be fit in a two-day visit unless you are being tight and that won’t do it justice.,Having lived a quarter century in this city, I can confidently say that almost every day is an adventure that takes you back eras ago. From mosques and churches, synagogues, fun Egyptian markets, royal palaces to museums, you name it. Not to mention the authentic Egyptian cuisine.,As it is never boring for me to tour around Cairo, here is a list of fun stops I have compiled to visit especially if you have a thing for photography or just want to live the genuine vibe.,Located in the old city of Cairo and on top of Al Mukattam hills with a viewpoint over the whole city, The Citadel of the Mountain was constructed by Sultan Salah al-Din al-Ayyubi (572–579 AH / 1176–1183 AD).,Regardless of the powerful aura Egypt gave at that time, it was not well enough without the walls of a protective citadel, and while Levantine cities — like Aleppo and Damascus – took this step long ago, it was due for Egypt as well.,Roaming along the huge walls of this citadel, you can undoubtedly feel a hint of the past. In credits to its construction site, being on one of the highest points of Cairo, you can feel the powerful fit it has. In addition to that, the breeze in this area is a lifesaver on a hot, summery morning.,Many interesting sights are in the citadel, which gives you a variety of options, making it a whole lot for a one-day visit but nevertheless, a diverse one.,These spots include some of the very prominent landmarks in Cairo, such as Masjid Muhammad Ali Pasha, Ottoman-era Sulayman Pasha al-Khadim Masjid. Also, a few other museums can be checked off your list such as Police Museum, the Royal Vehicle Museum, and the Military Museum.,Entry to the citadel is granted every day from 9:00 am till 5:00 pm, however, entry fees are different for foreign travelers.,This marvelous mosque is an absolute favorite, with everything so grand and vast, I highly doubt you will be feeling anything but imminent grace. Everything is marbled, with huge assisting columns and beautifully carpeted floors, a photographer’s haven.,The ceiling is decorated in intricate details and dangled with hundreds of lanterns coordinated in circulars. The outside area is equally graceful, it’s completely tiled in white marble paneling and a sunset in there is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.,As one of the prominent installments in Salah al-Din al-Ayyubi Citadel, the Alabaster Mosque was built by no other than Muhammad Ali Pasha. The Mosque includes a twin minaret, considered to be the highest in all of Egypt.,The open court area of the mosque features a copper clock tower that was gifted by Louis Phillippe of France in 1262 AH/1845 AD and Muhammad Ali responded to this gesture by Ramsses II’s obelisk that can be seen in the Place de La Concorde Square, Paris.,You can have a completely free visit to the mosque every day through hours from 8:00 am until 3:00 pm. However, make sure to wear conservative clothes to be granted access. Usually, women cover from head to toe while visiting mosques.,With a reign that lasted 43 years, Muhammad Ali’s time contributed a lot to the state welfare and the powerfulness of the country. And of course, a Sultan typically comes with his own palace, no less than an extravagant mix of multi-cultured styles.,Established in Al-Manial, it is given a huge significance with credit to its architectural vibe. Composed of the Islamic style, it is well mixed with the vibrancy of Mamluk and Persian features, in addition to the influence of Andalusian, Syrian and Moroccan motives.,The palace includes a clock tower, reception hall, throne hall, a hunting museum and plenty more to offer for a good day visit.,The multiple styles were a new experience for me, overwhelming to be precise. I can confidently say that it felt like being transferred to a different world, experiencing various cultures all at once. The feeling of richness and vast splendor of this palace is unmatchable.,Visiting hours are from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm but beware that the ticketing window issues the last ticket by 2:15 pm, with different ticket prices for foreign visitors.,Bustling among the old city’s neighborhoods of Cairo, Khan Al-Khalili is almost buzzing at each hour of the day with plenty of tourists going round and about. This area of Cairo has been recognized as one of Egypt’s seven UNESCO World Heritage.,The history of Khan al-Khalili dates back to the fourteenth century, the then Master of Stables, Jaharkas El Khalili built a caravanserai (Colloquially referred to as Khan) that initially provided housing for merchants, and during the years, other sultans contributed to the area and added their own khans making the puzzle complete and establishing an area that later on became the center of trade by the late fifteenth century.,Think of Khan el-Khalili as a labyrinth of all things mystical and whimsical, you can go around in circles and find new things each time you turn. From gold jewelry and silver pharaonic replica pendants to mosaic lanterns and plenty of little souvenirs, you can find a variety of things in a huge price range.,It’s the best place to feel the authentic Cairo vibes, at least in my opinion, the noise and crowd is something you can never escape, but an enticing experience.,With plenty of colors and music everywhere, the scent of coffee wafting through the air and the sound of hookah cackling make the best market day.,While you are there, this is definitely a place to practice your bargaining and haggling skills, and I add, relentlessly. You will always get a good offer at the end of the day.,If you are looking for one place that has three monotheistic religions, then go no further than Cairo’s Religious Complex. With Amr Ibn Al-Aas Mosque, The Hanging Church and Ben Ezra Synagogue, this is exactly where it got its significance from.,Standing as the second mosque built in Egypt, with construction dating back to the year 21 AH, Amr Ibn Al-Aas Mosque is recognized as the largest and oldest mosque in Africa. As of the date of its construction, it was mainly built using palm tree trunks, mud bricks and gravel, which was later transformed into marble columns and tiles.,Amr Ibn Al-Aas Mosque is free of charge for visitors all week long with no specific hours, however, it’s better to visit during the early hours of the morning.,The Hanging Church was built over the Roman fortress of Babylon, towering over most of the surrounding buildings, hence the name.,Throughout its history, it was the seat of many patriarchs, when Patriarch Christozoulos made The Hanging church the seat of the Pope of Alexandria. It was also recognized as the place where The Holy Family took shelter from Herod, the King of Palestine.,Visiting The Hanging Church is free of charge for all visitors.,While Islam and Christianity were represented in this area, Judaism had also its very own representation. Ben Ezra Synagogue is of the oldest Judaism temples founded in the lands of Egypt.,Its significance came from a few stories, where it is believed to preserve the basket Prophet Moses was placed in and it is also where Prophet Moses prayed to God when the plague hit Egypt. The temple was named after the head of The Jewish community, Abraham bin Ezra.,The Religious complex does not end there, while it includes these fascinating spots, it also houses The Coptic Museum, Abi Sarjah Church, St. Margirus’s Monastery and the Church of Saint Barbara.,That is how you barely scratch the surface of what Cairo has to offer and to get to everything there is, it would take a whole book worth of everything to visit. With that being said, I would say Cairo definitely deserves a lot more than just two days on a sprint.,Ready to travel to one of the historic centrals of the world? Start planning your trip to Cairo with insider knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan even more fun by booking some unique Cairo activities, expert-led tours and food adventures through Bookmundi. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,For the best flight deals, train tickets and vacation packages, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,From the Saxon State Art Collection at the Royal Palace to the Bach Museum in Leipzig, the German state of Saxony makes its cultural landscape a focal point of its tourism,There’s a special allure to the German state of Saxony, located along the border of the Czech Republic and Poland.,The Elbe River meanders its length through hilly, even mountainous landscapes, such as “The Saxon Switzerland,” offering panoramic vistas and a thousand peaks for climbing.,Saxony is also rich in history. So powerful and influential were its rulers they played an essential role in advancing the Reformation, protecting Martin Luther and crusading for his theological reforms.,Those rulers were also wealthy, their coffers enriched by the silver and other minerals in the Erzgebirge, or “Ore Mountains.”,Most notably, the rulers used that wealth to advance the arts, for centuries making their region one of the cultural hotbeds of Europe.,That vibrant arts scene exists even into the present day, and I had the good fortune to take a tour throughout Saxony with a special focus on arts and culture. Here are a few of the treasures I discovered.,Anyone who’s seen the skyline of Dresden will never forget the splendor of this Baroque jewel box of a city. It seems inconceivable that it was all a pile of rubble after the infamous firebombing in the waning days of World War II.,Now meticulously restored to their original grandeur, the buildings in central Dresden are an architectural triumph that will delight you at every turn.,For an overview, start with the “Procession of Princes,” a mural a full football field’s length painted on the exterior of the Royal Palace. Marching in single file, the rulers of Saxony parade one after another.,Many of them had colorful names, like George the Bearded and William the One-Eyed, but the most illustrious is Augustus the Strong, a powerful ruler whose physical strength was also legendary.,It’s said he could break horseshoes with his bare hands. It was Augustus who went on a building spree during his rule from 1694 to 1733, creating the masterpieces that caused Dresden to become known as “The Florence on the Elbe.”,Towering above all the other buildings is the renowned Frauenkirche, the Church of Our Lady.,At more than 300 feet in height, the church’s dome is the largest in Europe north of the Alps.,It survived the 1945 bombing but collapsed two days later into a giant pile of stones that was left for decades as a peace memorial.,Between 1994 and 2005, the beloved church was reconstructed with the donations of tens of thousands of people worldwide.,It’s easy to see the mosaic effect on the church’s exterior made by the original, darker stones intermixed with the new, lighter ones.,And though it’s still a working Lutheran church, the Frauenkirche is also a place where 130 choral and organ concerts take place each year.,A tour of its interior will leave you marveling at the towering altar topped by a golden sunburst and huge silver organ pipes.,Those who don’t mind a physical challenge should climb to the viewing platform high atop the dome.,On a clear day, the reward for your efforts is a view of Dresden at your feet and the mountains of the Saxon Switzerland in the distance.,Plan to spend at least a full day at the adjacent Royal Palace, a complex of structures retaining a High Renaissance appearance. It’s what’s inside that will knock you over.,Several museums of the Saxon State Art Collection are housed in the palace, including the Museum of Prints, Drawings, and Photographs; the Coin Cabinet; the Armory; the Turkish Chamber; and the breathtaking “Grünes Gewölbe” (Green Vault).,Another is  “Neues Grünes Gewölbe” (New Green Vault), which contain thousands of dazzling treasures, including the 41-carat Green Diamond, a huge frigate carved in ivory held aloft by the sea god Neptune.,The miniature Throne of the Grand Mogul Aurengzeb with more than 5,000 diamonds and dozens of rubies and emeralds.,The Armory is similarly spectacular with displays of armored-clad knights atop armored-clad horses, a veritable forest of pikes, and whole constellations of daggers and swords artfully arranged to dazzle the eye.,There’s even a line of swirling knights complete with plumed helmets and velvet pantaloons engaging in sword play.,Outside the Royal Palace is the Zwinger, an enormous terraced courtyard flanked by ornate, symmetrical buildings with lines of statuary atop them.,Picture members of the Saxon court parading through this outdoor space in their finery, then pop inside the buildings for two more museums of the Saxon State Art Collection.,One focusing on porcelain and another containing the Old Masters Gallery with Raphael’s famous Sistine Madonna (with its equally famous cherubs playing peek-a-boo).,To top off your visit to Dresden, take one of the paddle-wheel steam boats down the Elbe to Pillnitz Palace, where the Countess Cosel, Augustus’s mistress, held sway in an elaborate complex of buildings with Oriental motifs, including rooftop pagodas.,Yet another museum, the State Museum of Decorative Arts, can be seen here, but it will be the horticultural arts found in the extensive gardens that will most enthrall you.,Don’t miss the huge 250-year old camellia. As winter approaches, it’s housed indoors inside a building that is transported to it, not the other way around.,Leipzig, the other big city in Saxony, has for centuries been an important trade and publishing center. It’s also a city where music has always called the tune.,More than 500 composers have made their home here, including some of the biggest names in music history, like Johann Sebastian Bach, Felix Mendelssohn, Robert Schumann, and Richard Wagner, all of whom both composed their works and resided at various sites around the city.,To make it easy for visitors, Leipzig has put together a 5-kilometer-long Music Trail connecting the most important sites. The sites associated with Bach are especially impressive.,From 1723 until his death in 1750, Bach served as choirmaster of St. Thomas Church, an 800-year-old Gothic church not far from the city’s Market Square.,He directed the centuries-old St. Thomas Boys Choir, still in existence today and performing regularly during church services and weekly concerts.,Bach’s tomb is in the church’s sanctuary, and just a short walk away is the Bach Museum with multimedia stations to hear his magnificent music.,A “Treasure Chamber” containing original manuscripts and other rarities.,Besides St. Thomas, Bach also served as cantor at Leipzig’s St. Nicholas Church, in more recent years associated with the 1989 “Peaceful Revolution” that helped bring an end to the communist German Democratic Republic.,With new music regularly required at both churches, Bach produced a prodigious output during his tenure in Leipzig, including several cantata series, the St. John and St. Matthew Passion, the Christmas Oratorio, and the Art of the Fugue.,Also on the Trail are a monument to Richard Wagner, born in Leipzig and still known locally as somewhat of a “bad boy”; the Grassi Museum of Musical Instruments; the Schumann House.,The Zum Arabishchen Coffe Baum, the oldest coffee house in Germany and the meeting point for centuries for the city’s musicians and writers.,My personal favorite was the Mendelssohn House. Even if you have to wait in line, it’s worth it to visit the “Effectorium” where you can stand and conduct a virtual orchestra playing Mendelssohn’s music.,You decide which piece will be played and whether it will be performed on modern or historic instruments.,Want a crescendo in the strings? Or does the brass section need a bit toned down? You’re the conductor, so you decide!,All year long, concerts of live music abound in Leipzig. The Bach Festival in June is especially popular with more than 100 events across the city.,We heard a concert of organ and choral music in St. Thomas Church itself — with the composer’s tomb just steps away, it was almost as if he were listening along with us.,But plentiful other celebrations include festivals for Wagner and Schumann, a festival of a capella vocal music, and even the largest “Goth” festival in the world.,This year marks the 275th anniversary of Leipzig’s famed Gewandhaus Orchestra, which had its beginnings in a trade hall associated with garment merchants, and it’s also the 325th birthday of Leipzig Opera.,But by no means is Leipzig living on its laurels. It still has a vibrant arts scene, and in fact, you may well hear the city referred to as “the new Berlin”.,Because the creative class is being lured by the hundreds to Leipzig, not to Germany’s capital, due to Leipzig’s cheaper cost of living and über-hip vibe.,Ground Zero for this arts scene is the city’s Plagwitz neighborhood, where a must-see is the “Alte Spinnerei,” once the largest cotton mill factory in continental Europe.,Nowadays, the 23 massive brick buildings on a 25-acre site, complete with towering smokestacks, have been transformed into a vibrant artists’ colony where more than a hundred artists in every medium have set up studio space.,There are also a dozen galleries featuring rotating exhibits of contemporary art in the cavernous rooms of the former industrial complex, an art library, a cinema, and a café.,You may well rub elbows with internationally known artist Neo Rauch during your visit to the Alte Spinnerei. The famed member of the “New Leipzig School” was the first to set up his studio there.,But I couldn’t have been more surprised by the person I ran into during my own visit. Our guide, Elizabeth Gerdeman, opened our tour by announcing she was from Columbus, Ohio, the city where I live!,She had spent a year on an artist’s exchange in Dresden, Columbus’s sister city, and was so impressed with Saxony’s arts scene that she returned to be part of the creative ferment in Leipzig.,We visited Elizabeth’s studio and some of the exhibits in the huge galleries, all the while listening to her infectious stories about the exciting arts scene in Leipzig.,This was our last stop before heading out for other sites in Saxony, and it definitely made me loathe to leave. I resolved to make a point to return someday soon to the “New Berlin.”,Outside Saxony’s big cities, you’ll want to visit to Meissen with its famous hilltop castle, Germany’s oldest, and the adjacent cathedral.,But don’t miss a visit to the world-famous Meissen State Porcelain Manufactory where artisans can be watched creating and hand-painting exquisite tableware, figurines, and other decorative objects.,Elsewhere in the facility, a grand exhibition hall showcases 300 years of Meissen porcelain with dazzling examples in room after breathtaking room complete with grand staircases and ceilings with elaborate murals.,Of course, there are also opportunities to shop, and there’s even a café where you can dine on Meissen porcelain.,Torgau is another small, unspoiled city with 500 Renaissance and Gothic structures clustered in the city center.,The most spectacular is Hartenfels Castle with a stunning outdoor spiral staircase that puzzles architects to this day how it’s supported. Nearby is the small chapel that historians deem as the first Protestant church.,On my next trip to Saxony, I’d return to any of these places in a heartbeat, but I’d also head for the town of Görlitz on the Polish border with 4,000 buildings of many architectural styles.,So well-known, it has come to be known as “Görliwood.” I’d also head to the Erzgebirge Mountains, famed for its artisans creating Nutcrackers and other Christmas ornaments.,There are also castles galore to explore throughout the entire state.,The website www.saxonytourism.com gives overviews of the tourism potential for the entire state of Saxony. For more specific views of Dresden and Leipzig, go to www.dresden.de/en/tourism/tourism.php and https://languages.leipzig.travel/en/Home_110.html.,Author Bio: Ohio-based travel writer Rich Warren travels the U.S. and the world looking for offbeat and off-the-beaten-path stories. He is a graduate of the Elf School of Reykjavik and can tell you what the Amish wear to the beach in Florida.,Texas natives celebrate the classy-meets-tacky nature of their historic big city.,Don’t look for cowboys on the street corners in Dallas. After a day in downtown Big D, the only person I see wearing boots is a demure woman with the patent-leather, calf-high variety in Neiman Marcus style, the prestigious department store chain that got started here. Dallas doesn’t, and never did, go for the cowboy style. Think nouveau-rich oil money and you’ll get the Dallas image. It’s been decades since I grew up in Dallas, when Pegasus, the “Flying Red Horse” atop the Magnolia Oil Building, was the icon of the Dallas skyline. Now, Pegasus is lost in canyons of glass and steel skyscrapers, but the Dallas style remains the same as always.,Dallas is a tuxedo city of haute cuisine, art galleries, and exclusive shops, yet with enough unpretentious Texas tacky to make the Velvet Elvis Tavern a hip hangout. In a few blocks area, shoppers can find everything from thousand-dollar silk suits to air-brushed tee-shirts. You can break the bank in Neiman Marcus or barter with sidewalk vendors speaking broken English.,Two statistics epitomize Dallas: it has more shopping center space per capita than any other city and more restaurants per capita than New York City. After Dallas’ ingenuity created the first strip mall, Highland Park Village, which is still going strong (Mockingbird Lane and Preston Road: 214-559-2740; www.hpvillage.com), it gave the world two other 20th-century breakthroughs — the frozen margarita and chicken fajitas.,The best of Dallas begins in the heart of downtown. The Adolphus Hotel (1321 Commerce Street, 214-742-8200; www.adolphushotel.com) and its French Room Restaurant have represented the flagship of hospitality since 1912. The American Automobile Association (AAA) gives both five diamonds. A block away you can stroll through the original Neiman Marcus Department Store (1618 Main Street, 214-741-6911), sample a chocolate truffle (US$ 20/lbs), and have a gourmet lunch in the Zodiac Room.,For the signature Dallas dining experience, book a table at Antares in the rotating dome atop the 48-story Reunion Tower in the Hyatt Regency (300 Reunion Blvd, 214-712-7145; www.dallasregency.hyatt.com). At sunset, a golden glow splashes watercolor hues across the glass skyline. Or dine with the art crowd at Dakotas Steakhouse (600 N Akard St, 214-740-4001), known for the finest in seafood, grilled wild game, and homemade breads and desserts. An elevator on a pedestrian island across from the elegant Fairmont Hotel (1717 N Akard St, 214-720-2020) takes you below ground to the restaurant.,Downtown Dallas is also a haven for art enthusiasts. The Museum of Art (1717 North Harwood, 214-922-1200; www.dm-art.org), noted for its collection of modern Abstract Expressionist paintings and pre-Columbian and African art, crowns the 11-block Arts District. Across the street from the museum, the Trammell Crow Center (2010 Flora St, 214-979-6430) features a sculpture garden with 22 French bronzes and works by French sculptor Auguste Rodin. Just two blocks away, the glass dome of the futuristic Morton E. Meyerson Symphony Center (2301 Flora St, 214-670-3600), designed by I. M. Pei, arches over the skyline. Dallas also entertains theater lovers. The renovated Majestic Theater (1925 Elm Street, 214-880-0137) built in 1922, presents ballets and Broadway shows, while local actors perform at the Arts District Theater (2401 Flora St, 214-522-8499).,The towering downtown skyscrapers dwarf the vintage brick and granite buildings of a past era. Yet, amidst the glitz, Dallas carefully preserves its history. Pioneer Plaza captures the Old West in bronze. Three mounted cowboys drive a herd of 50 longhorns down a grassy hillside. The one-and-one-fourth life-size steers represent a sight common during the cattle-drive era of the late 1800s.,A few blocks away, Dallas dedicates the most expensive square block in town to a tiny log cabin. Juxtaposition against skyscrapers and bustling traffic, the reconstructed cabin (Historical Plaza, Downtown Dallas) commemorates John Neely Bryan, who founded the city on the banks of the Trinity River in 1841.,Across the street, the John Fitzgerald Kennedy Memorial brings back painful memories. Four stark walls surround a simple marble slab  inscribed with the name of the fallen symbol of a generation. Immersed in memories, I read poignant notes, many written by people born  years after the assassination, tucked among fresh bouquets of flowers.,My hometown pilgrimage continues a block away. I stand by the reflecting pool at Dealey Plaza and somberly count up to the square  windows to the sixth floor of the Texas Schoolbook Depository (411 Elm St, 214-747-6660). The Sixth Floor Museum recounts the  tumultuous events surrounding Kennedy’s assassination. It recaptures that moment in history with photographs, videos, and movies. Like  many visitors, I stare out the window to the street below as though watching the motorcade slowly roll past the grassy knoll, then suddenly  speed up and disappear through the triple underpass.,Leaving the museum, I stroll down Market Street through the West End Historic District with its Victorian lamp posts and red brick  sidewalks. A horse-drawn carriage trots past as though time has slipped into a bygone century. Called “Froggybottoms” in the 1870s, the  district’s frontier saloons and brothels attracted a rowdy clientele. Today, the cycle completes itself with the emphasis once again on  entertainment.,The enticing aroma of barbecue and the good vibes of Dixieland jazz follow us step for step. Sidewalk cafés offer Tex-Mex, Southern, Chinese, and Cajun cuisine, as well as omnipresent fast food spots. For Texas barbecue at its best, I sample Sonny Bryan’s Smokehouse (2202 Inwood Road, 214-357-7120; www.sonnybryansbbq.com). The original establishment, about five minutes from Love Field, has been a Dallas legend since 1910.,The West End MarketPlace (603 Munger Avenue, 214-748-4801), an imposing seven-story, red-brick building, dominates the historic district. Built in 1922, the warehouse originally housed the Brown Cracker & Candy Company. Inside, the original maple floors and yellow pine beams impart a Roaring 20’s ambiance, and a five-story atrium with skylights brings the outside in.,Don’t look for New York fashions or candle-lit restaurants at the West End MarketPlace. Look for fun. This four-level, pizza-by-the-slice mall houses more than 70 stores. You can buy Texas wines, baseball cards, get a video portrait, graze in 30 eateries, dance to live music, take in a movie, play 36 holes of miniature golf, and disappear into a 100-game video arcade,After a day exploring downtown, I decide to escape the concrete corridors and hop a trolley. The McKinney Avenue Trolley, with vintage 1906 streetcars, links more than 100 galleries, antique shops, and restaurants (the trolley is free; 214-855-0006; www.mata.org). The trolley begins at the Museum of Art and runs for almost three miles (4.8 km) past the Hard Rock Cafe (2601 McKinney Avenue, 214-855-0007) and the Hotel Crescent Court (400 Crescent Court, 214-871-3200, also housing shops, restaurants, and galleries).,If serious shopping is your forte, the birthplace of the shopping center will challenge your credit limit. Neiman Marcus set the trend in haute monde shopping in 1907. Shopping centers such as the Galleria (I-635 LBJ at Dallas North Tollway, 972-702-7100) and NorthPark Center (8687 N. Central Expressway, 214-363-7441) continue the long-revered Dallas tradition of “Veni, Vidi, VISA.” Dallas teenagers feel like they’re slumming when they cruise malls in other cities.,As a stylin’ city, Dallas blends its 21st century glass-and-steel skyline with the profile of a rustic log cabin. With a history filled with both pride and shame, cows and culture, Dallas isn’t afraid to wear sneakers with its tuxedo.,If You Go,Dallas Convention and Visitors Bureau,800-232-5527,www.dallascvb.com,Alentejo may be the best-kept secret in Portugal. If you don’t go, you’ll miss something very special that is off-the-beaten-path.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,If you look at Portugal’s Alentejo on a map, it has some clear borders: The Tejo River Valley to the North; The Atlantic to the West; Mountains, rivers and Spain to the East; Mountains to the South. ,This creates a unique climate – warm and dry summers, mild and misty winters. But the topography differs from the rest of Portugal too; as there are miles and miles of plains, olive groves, wine estates, and the occasional hilly terrain on the edges. ,In effect, this means that the perspective you have over the landscape is sweeping, with little to stop your view from going on for miles and miles, and the higher up you go, the more you see. Like from a castle, or a hot air balloon. ,The Alentejo, a historical and cultural region of south central and southern Portugal,  is not known for its clouds, but rather its lack of clouds. And the blending of an open blue sky with the green and yellow plains and the lakes and rivers leads to a unique shade of blue. ,Occupying nearly a third of the mainland, this picturesque region is an hour’s drive from Lisbon. It is bound to the north by the river Tejo, and by mountains to the south. ,Spain and the River Guadiana mark the border to the east, and the open Atlantic is the border to the west.  ,The Portuguese often refer to the Alentejo, with its own dialect, strong Moorish flavor, whitewashed towns, and unique songs, as its own nation.,Most towns seem to float on hilltops above the plains, embraced by a castle. Gothic towers and red tiles rise from the venerable walls. The songs of the Alentejo, with a flavor of coriander and garlic, greet the visitor. ,During the summer, the green stands of cork oaks turn the flowing plains of the Alentejo into a romantic and enchanting place of sun and shadows. ,Wine estates, olive groves, or a white and blue house on a hill occasionally interrupts these ancient forests, which have produced cork for millennia. After the bark is harvested, the trees light up the day with their red hues, a sign of the only tree that has a renewable bark. ,Now we all know that the sky is not really blue – what gives it that tone is light. As the light of the sun with all the colors of the spectrum passes through air, the blue portion causes charged particles to oscillate. ,The more sunlight entering the sky, the bluer it appears to our eyes – and the Alentejo with its mainly open skies, lack of pollution or clouds, offers the eyes a deep and unique blue. Climate, location and air quality all combine to offer the Alentejo blue. ,To appreciate it you just have to see it – and then you will know. ,So, it should come as no surprise that the two colors most common on a typical Alentejo house are blue and white, literally reflecting the sky. ,It needs to also be pointed out that in the Northern reaches of the Alentejo houses tend to be yellow and white, in places such as Nisa. But that reminds me of the sun.,So, next, we need to put all the light into context – it fuels the local economy. In recent decades, the Alentejo has emerged as Portugal’s most dynamic wine region. ,The long, sunny summers, with a touch of Atlantic influence, have led to some outstanding wines. Reguengos and Borba wines are winning fame, but I love the wines from Redondo, Portalegre and Evora too. ,The quality of the light is essential to the unique character of the Alentejo wines, as are the grape varietals and the soil and these wines offer a wonderful taste of the brightness of the region.,And where you have grapes, you have olives – and few would dispute that some of the finest olive oil in the world, not just Portugal, is pressed in the Alentejo. ,The area between Moura and Serpa, on the banks of the Guadiana River, has some extraordinarily good olive oils – and it is one of those things where seeing is believing. ,Visit the estates that grow and press the olives, and then visiting the museums and groves you come to understand how the beauty of the light in these rolling hills gives us a magnificent oil.,Now head to the coast. The Estuary of the Sado River has been famous for its salt for centuries. Known for its pinkish color, the saltpans here use the sun to dry seawater and yield wonderful natural sea salt. ,Now, after years of decline, the salt trade is back, and the famous salt of the Sado is available to experience and purchase. ,Another wonderful way you see the light in the Alentejo is the endless field of sunflowers. They line roads and offer stunning vistas. They fill the plains between the Montados, the abundant cork forest that protects a unique ecosystem.,Light also plays a part in the region’s past. The Roman’s came to the Alentejo as farmers and the ruins of their elaborate villas are found throughout the region. They loved the sun – and the warmth it gave off. ,They cultivated wines and made their famous fish sauce – leaving behind a unique legacy. The Roman’s dominance was followed by centuries of North African civilization, revolutionizing agriculture, and building centers of culture and trade. ,Today, some of the best views of the beauty of the Alentejo come from its venerable monuments. Ancient sites, dating back to prehistory show that the earlier humans who lived in the Alentejo were keen followers of the sun, with stone circles and stone altars being scattered through the region. ,In fact, these sacred sites are some of the best-preserved on the Iberian Peninsula. ,Then there are the castles, I love to climb the parapets of the castle of Marvão and enjoy the view- with easy vistas stretching for hundreds of miles from the impressive fortress. ,This castle is far from alone, with dozens of other strongholds on hilltops offering great points to see and enjoy the light. And for the faithful, the Camino de Santiago crossed the plains as pilgrims followed the light, and you can hike the very same path today as well.,But what about the night, when a new light comes in the clear sky – and the universe’s greatest light show arrives with 4,000 stars and the Milky Way. ,Dark Sky Alqueva in the Alentejo was the first official Starlight Tourism Destination in the world, with a reserve that covers 4,000 square miles around The Great Lake of Alqueva. ,The reserve is made up of the towns of Alandroal, Barrancos, Moura, Mourão, Reguengos de Monsaraz, Portel, Évora, Mértola and Serpa. Dark Sky Alqueva offers a diversity of daytime and nighttime activities. ,The open plains around Alqueva are a thrill both during the day and at night. The vast lake is set between two fortified towns.   ,Dark Sky Alqueva also has a network of partners, such as the Alqueva Dark Sky Route, which oversees the accommodations and tourist activities in the area. These include hiking, horseback riding, nighttime canoeing, boat excursions on the lake, hot-air balloon rides, paddle boarding, and sports. ,In addition to these activities, there is Solar System yoga, photographic tours and workshops, wine tours, birding, wildlife watching, and more.,So you see, day or night, the light never fades in the Alentejo.,Ready to explore the diverse beauty of Alentejo, Portugal? Start planning your trip with hotel and VRBO options, local restaurant recommendations, tips on how to get around and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity. When you are ready to book, check out CheapOair for exclusive flight promotions and ground transportation reservations.,www.visitalentejo.pt/en,Author’s Bio: Jayme H. Simões is a travel blogger on Portugal. He grew up in Chicago but spent summers exploring Portugal with his family.,You know about the most popular museums of Europe, but do you know about the hidden gems? Here are 12 of the best museum tours to experience in Europe.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Have you ever embarked on a museum tour, visiting several prominent museums that are near each other? Discovering so many hidden gems and treasures can be fascinating. ,When European museums are mentioned, most people immediately think about the Spanish Prado Museum in Madrid, the French Louvre, the British Museums in London, or the phenomenal museums in Rome and Florence.,Although all these museums are outstanding, they are quite large, so it wouldn’t be fair if you would just rush through them, hurrying to get to your next location. They should be left for a separate adventure.  ,However, in Central Europe, there are several countries at relatively short distances, with good transport connections. That significantly helps if you are on a museum hunt or exploring other cultural and historical sites in the area.,We want to show you extraordinary national galleries, and unique exhibitions that you will not see anywhere else.,Get ready for a journey where you can see famous art pieces, top cars, an underground museum, and proof that childhood dreams come true if you endure in your desire to create the largest museum of miniatures in the world.,Well, let’s go.,The Slovak National Museum has 18 museums, of which the Museum of History stands out with its grand location and excellent collections dating from the Middle Ages to the present.,This history museum is in the baroque castle of Bratislava, on a hill above the city and it consists of several units, including The Witness of the Past, The Castle Gallery, Music Hall, and others. You can see a huge collection of numismatics, medieval furniture, paintings, drawings, and ceramic objects.,Take a walking tour and climb the narrow stairs to the Crown tower. From an almost 50-meters-high tower, you can enjoy an extraordinary view of Bratislava and the river Danube. You can also take a break from exploring art and have a drink in the café next door.,You can visit the Bratislava Museum of History from 10 am to 6 pm, with an entrance fee of 10 euros.,Have you had the opportunity to watch in person how glass objects are made? If you haven’t, you’ll be thrilled by the unique experience provided by the glassworks tour at the Moser Glass Museum.,The museum is in the famous spa resort of Karlovy Vary, only 2 hours away from Prague, the Czech capital. They have been engaged in manual glass production for 160 years! You can see more than 1,000 exhibits, such as wine and champagne glasses, vases, bowls, and many other items.,Documentary films and audio guides are also included in the presentation. However, watching the process of hand-making glass objects is a special experience. Glassmakers can also show you the techniques, materials, and tools they use to create these original works of art made of glass.,You can visit the Moser Glass Museum on weekdays from 9 am to 2 pm, and the ticket costs 12 euros per person.,Find a full-day tour of Karlovy Vary here.,Did you know that the oldest vine in the world is grown in Maribor? “Stara trta” celebrated the region of Styria in the world of winemaking, so the Old Wine House is an important stay on the wine route of Central Europe.,This medieval house is in the old town, next to the river Drava. Today, it houses a museum dedicated to wine production. With guided wine tours, you can learn more about viticulture in Slovenia, try local wines, and buy a bottle of wine or handmade chocolate pralines.,Every June, an important wine festival is held in Maribor, so that is the time of year when it is best to visit. The working hours of the Old Wine House are from 10 am to 6 pm, and guided tours cost around 15 euro for a group of several people.,Take a tour of Maribor, Ptuj and the heart of the vineyards here.,Behind the Renaissance facade of a building on the beautiful Andrassy Avenue in Budapest, the terrible consequences of the Nazi and Communist regimes during the 1940s and 1950s are hidden.,The former seat of the secret police, since it was turned into a museum in 2002, has been visited by about 300,000 a year. ,Inside this building, you can see shocking scenes, photos of the victims, rooms where the Jewish and numerous political dissidents were beaten and tortured. Their clothes and personal belongings are a strong reminder of the dark period of Hungarian history.,You can visit the House of Terror Museum in Budapest every day except Mondays, from 10 am to 6 pm. The ticket costs about 8 euros per person.,Book a guided tour of the House of Terror here.,The Swiss Science Center Technorama provides endless opportunities to learn about science in a fun way. It is in the north of Switzerland, in the city of Winterthur, near Zurich.,Technorama is a popular place for school excursions, not only from Switzerland but also from other European countries. You can enjoy hundreds of experiments, natural phenomena, and outside park areas. The best of all is that exhibits are available in several languages.,In addition to the museum, there are two escape rooms, a restaurant, and seminar rooms. The working hours of the museum are every day from 10 am to 5 pm. ,We recommend that you arrive as early as possible so that you have enough time to explore all that Technorama has to offer. The ticket costs 30 euros for adults and 20 euros for children over 6 years.,Tour the city of Zurich by ferry, cable car and coach to see all that you can here.,One of the most important art museums in the world is located in the magnificent Renaissance palace in Vienna. The Kunsthistorisches Museum, or the Museum of Art History in English, features exceptional collections of paintings. You can admire works of art by great Italian painters such as Raphael, Titian, and Caravaggio.,We also recommend seeing the Egyptian and Near Eastern Collection, as well as the collection of Greek and Roman Antiquities. You can visit this art gallery every day from 10 am to 6 pm, with a ticket that costs 16 euros per person.,Since you are already in Vienna, across the park is another great selection from the museum tours in Europe worth visiting. It is a Natural History Museum, housed in a 19th-century building. Entrance to this museum costs only 12 euros per person.,Reserve your tickets for the Kunsthistorisches Museum ahead here.,Graz is a university center and the city where the famous actor Arnold Schwarzenegger grew up. Due to the historic core of the city, Graz has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,From the multitude of similar buildings, a futuristic building in the shape of a blue bubble stands out. That is where the Kunsthaus – Graz Art Museum is located. Its facade is used to display animations and films, and inside there are galleries where you can see works of modern art.,This museum does not have a permanent exhibition, so every time you come to Graz, you will be greeted by a new show. The working hours of the museum are from 10 am to 6 pm, and the ticket price is 10 euro per person.,If you have time, visit the baroque castle Schloss Eggenberg from the 17th Century. It is not far from Kunsthaus, and you can also enjoy a rich work of art collection.,See the most interesting sights in Graz on the Old Town Highlights Private Walking Tour. Book this tour here.,The world of imagination, as we all imagined as kids, really exists! Miniatur Wunderland is the largest model railroad in the world, and it is located in Hamburg.,It has 1,300 trains, thousands of vehicles, human figurines, and lights. Every 15 minutes, the automatic lighting control system turns the light on and off, simulating day and night. Fantastic!,You can see trains passing through replicas of Hamburg, Venice, Las Vegas, the Austrian Alps, then landscapes in Switzerland, Italy, France, the USA, and Scandinavia. Airplane enthusiasts will be delighted by the replica of Hamburg Airport.,One million visitors a year prove that the Miniatur Wunderland is one of the biggest attractions in all of Germany and one of the most exciting museum tours in Europe. The working hours of this museum are from 9.30 am to 6 pm, and the ticket price is 20 euros for adults and 12 euros for kids.,Note: Although Hamburg Airport is well connected by air with other countries, the airport in Berlin is also close. From Berlin, you can reach Hamburg by train in just 2 hours.,As this is a very popular attraction, you’ll want to get your priority entrance tickets ahead of time here.,I know, it’s not easy to resist a chocolate fountain, with 200 kilograms of liquid chocolate. When you stand next to the fountain, you will probably think “Mmm …”. But refrain, people and museum staff will be watching you.,The sweetest of the top museum tours in Europe. The Chocolate Museum in Cologne’s Old Town is visited by 600,000 people a year. You can see an exhibition that shows the whole way from harvesting cocoa to making the most beautiful sweets. ,You can learn more about the process of chocolate production, try delicious chocolate specialties in Chocolat Grand Cafe and buy freshly made chocolate souvenirs to remind you of this wonderful place and one of the best museums in Germany.,The working hours of the chocolate museum are from 10 am to 6 pm, and the ticket price is 12 euros for adults and 7 euros for children.,Grab your ticket to the Chocolate Museum in advance here.,The German car industry is highly valued in the world of motoring. Among the popular brands, Mercedes-Benz and Porsche stand out. Both companies are based in Stuttgart, so, naturally, their museums are located there.,On the nine floors of the modern Mercedes-Benz Museum, you can see some of the oldest cars in the world. You can learn more about the history of the company and the development of top cars.,Within the “Collections” and “Legends room” tours you can see 160 vehicles. The ticket for this museum costs 10 euros, and the working hours are from Tuesday to Sunday from 9 am to 6 pm.,Did you know that more steel was used to build the Porsche Museum than the Eiffel Tower in Paris? The huge car collection contains 100 models, among which are the famous models 911 and 917. The famous sports car manufacturer also has a special program adapted to kids who are visiting the museum.,If you are a Porsche fan, you can buy various souvenirs, car models, and toys in the Porsche Museum Shop. The working hours of the museum are from Tuesday to Sunday from 9 am to 6 pm, and the ticket price is 10 euro for adults and 5 euro for children.,Have space for shopping and gifts with the modern compact technology of the AWAY expandable carry-on. Check out their selection of top travel bags here.,The National Museum in Warsaw is one of the oldest and largest of the top museum tours in central Europe. It was established in the middle of the 19th century and is home to 800,000 exhibits, including paintings, drawings, sculptures, engravings, and coins. ,In addition to a huge collection of works by Polish painters since the 16th Century, you can also see works by Dutch, French, and other European painters, like Rembrandt and Botticelli.,This museum also exhibits a vast numismatic collection, including works from Roman, Greek, and Egyptian ancient art as well as a large collection of Chinese art.,The National Museum in Warsaw welcomes visitors from Tuesday to Sunday, from 10 am to 6 pm. The ticket price is only 5 euro per person.,See the rest of Warsaw on your own schedule on the on-and-off city tour. Book these tickets here.,You’ll descend 378 wooden steps to a depth of 64 meters. From there, you will embark on a tour of the amazing Wieliczka salt mine, in the eponymous town in southern Poland, near Krakow.,The temperature in the mine is constantly around 15 degrees Celsius. During 700 years of excavation, from the 13th century to the end of the 20th century, the corridors reached a length of over 300 kilometers! A little more than 3 kilometers of tunnels are available for sightseeing.,The main attraction is the beautiful Saint Kinga’s Chapel, built in the 19th century. During the two-hour guided tour, you can see numerous sculptures, altars, the Wieliczka mine museum, and even an underground salt lake.,Tickets for this marvelous mine museum cost 20 euros, and visits are from 8.30 am to 5 pm.,Get an expert-guided tour with pick-up from your hotel on this half-day Wieliczka salt mine tour. Reserve this popular tour here.,See all of the best museum tours in Europe or just start in one country by planning a trip to Europe. To prepare for your trip, you’ll want to find VRBO or hotel reservations, local restaurant reviews, insider tips on how to get around each country and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Then, when you are ready to plan your transportation to Europe, visit OMIO Travel Partner for the best plane, train and car rental reservation options.,Make the most out of your trip to Europe with expert-guided tours, unique local activities and skip-the-line tickets to each museum with GetYourGuide. Check out their trusted tour options and book your tickets in advance here.,Protect your adventure from flight cancellations, lost luggage and unexpected sickness at the best rate for your needs with Squaremouth. Check out their single trip coverage and annual travel protection plans here.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,Step back in time on an adventure in Winchester. See cathedrals and experience English folklore. Read more, here.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,St. Swithun, who died more than one thousand years ago, in A.D. 862, was the Bishop of Winchester. When his remains were moved, against his dying wishes, from their final resting place in a simple tomb in the cathedral grounds to a splendid shrine in the inner sanctum, it proceeded to rain heavily for 40 days, which was seen as a sign of his displeasure.,Now, if it rains on the saint’s day — 15 July — legend has it that this will herald another 39 days of wet weather.,There wasn’t a raindrop to be seen, only clear-blue, cloudless skies, when I visited Winchester.,Accompanied by a cacophony of birdsong, I walked alongside the River Itchen through meadows to the medieval almshouse, Hospital of St. Cross, which rather quaintly offers travelers the “Wayfarers’ Dole” — a small beaker of beer and morsel of bread — as it has done for more than eight centuries.,The hospital was founded to support 13 poor, frail men who were unable to work, and to feed 100 men at the gates each day. The 13 men became the Brothers of St. Cross. Then, as now, they were not monks.,Medieval St. Cross was endowed with land, mills and farms, providing food and drink for a large number of people — but in those days the water was unfit for drinking, so copious amounts of ale and beer were needed.,The hospital has continued to provide sheltered accommodation for older gentlemen since its foundation in 1136, and one of them was happy to explain how England’s ancient capital is steeped in history, offering rich pickings for visitors looking to uncover Britain’s past. This treasure trove of English heritage is packed with historic buildings, monuments and museums all waiting to be explored.,Winchester’s character and layout have been dominated by the church, state, law and military throughout history. As visitors walk around the compact city center, they move from one quarter to another, each influenced by the impressive buildings that still embody these institutions.,For first-time visitors, it makes sense to get your bearings by going on one of the local walks. Keats’ Walk provided the poet with inspiration and who knows, may do the same for you, while the Winchester Walk allows you to explore some of the many attractions in King Alfred’s city.,(King Alfred the Great, 849-899, fought against the invasion of Vikings in southern England, and eventually signed a peace treaty with them.),Another excellent way to become acquainted with Winchester is to join a guided tour with the Blue Badge Tourist Guides. Their love of history, sense of humor and passion for their city is contagious, encouraging visitors to return time after time. Tours take place throughout the year.,First on my must-see list was that place of worship for more than 900 years, Winchester’s world-famous cathedral, where entry is by donation. This building is as remarkable for its hidden treasures as it is for its spectacular architecture.,Here, in the longest medieval nave in Europe, outstanding works of art vie for attention alongside the tombs of Jane Austen, Izaak Walton and the early English kings.,The Winchester Bible is recognized as the finest of all the great 12th-century bibles, due to its size and sumptuous illumination. The Sound II statue by Antony Gormley, installed in 1986, stands in the evocative setting of the crypt.,The carved, black-marble 12th-century font was probably used to baptize the future King Henry III, in 1207. Romanesque in style, two sides portray scenes from the life of St. Nicholas of Myra, better known as Santa Claus.,The Cathedral Refectory is in the walled garden opposite the west window. This tranquil setting is a great place to enjoy simple meals. Themed events often take place here too, including Scottish evenings with plenty of tartan and rousing pipe tunes. The food here is made from local ingredients.,In fact, an increasing number of Winchester eateries cook with local produce. The rivers are famed for their trout, which thrive in the clear, fast-running waters, while acres of watercress flourish in the Itchen and Meon valleys.,The Wykeham Arms, on Kingsgate Street, near Winchester College, is a fabulous old pub just bursting with history. The tables are ancient desks from the college, complete with old-fashioned inkwells.,Here you can eat hearty ale stew made with locally brewed beer, spicy Hampshire pumpkin soup or their signature dish, the savory Wyke Pie, made from a secret recipe.,Winchester is also home to the original Hotel du Vin & Bistro, housed in one of the city’s most important Georgian buildings, dating back to 1715. Here on sunny days you can enjoy simple, classic food made with the freshest local produce while relaxing in a pretty walled garden.,Winchester features a tempting array of independent shops, boutiques and antiquarian bookshops. The pedestrian High Street, once the Romans’ east-to-west route through the city, is home to bow-fronted Regency and Elizabethan shops.,The Lloyds Bank building, formerly the Guildhall, is where the 8 p.m. nightly curfew — when all good burghers were supposed to be indoors — still rings out, as it has done for hundreds of years.,Tucked away behind the cathedral, on College Street, is Winchester’s oldest bookshop, Wells Bookshop, a mere stone’s throw from the house where Jane Austen spent her last days.,Stroll through tranquil streets and leafy courtyards alongside the sparkling waters of the River Itchen and you will come to the 13th-century Great Hall, with its richly stained-glass windows, the only part of Winchester Castle that still survives today. ,It is reached across an open courtyard from the scanty remains of the castle foundations. Little of the castle can be seen above ground, but you can descend a steep, narrow, dark stairwell that leads into the castle cellar.,The castle was once home to the Domesday Book — a record of a survey of English settlements that was commissioned by William the Conqueror in December 1085. In its day, this castle was where the movers and shakers of court and government life met, mingled and made merry.,The Round Table, associated with legendary King Arthur and his Knights, has been situated here for more than 600 years. The myth tells us that the wizard Merlin made this table … though ssh! this one is actually a stylish Tudor forgery. A few feet from the exposed foundation is Westgate Museum, which depicts medieval Winchester and life in the Middle Ages.,Before returning home, I paid a visit to the oldest continuously running school in the country, the bewitchingly grand Winchester College. A guided tour took us around the medieval buildings, including the 14th-century gothic chapel with its wooden vaulted roof and the red brick schoolroom designed by the famed 17th-century English architect Sir Christopher Wren.,College Hall is the original scholars’ dining room. Its 16th-century paneling, high timber ceiling, and fixed benches and tables make it an atmospheric setting for dinners and theme events.,Winchester is surely the heartbeat of England, with sights that will fill your senses … but a word of warning, one visit won’t be enough. You’ll want to come back.,City of Winchester – www.visitwinchester.co.uk,English Tourist Board – www.enjoyengland.com,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Gilly Pickup,The greenest country in Europe will enchant you with its natural beauty, mountains, cliffs and incredible coast. Here is our list of the top things to do when visiting Ireland.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Travel in Ireland, the greenest country in Europe, will enchant you with natural beauty, mountains, cliffs and a dramatic coast that is lapped by the Atlantic Ocean. Get ready to see the most beautiful castles and learn how to make top-quality beer and whiskey.,Welcome to the Land of the Celts.,Did you know that as many as 10 million Irish people live outside of Ireland? See interesting stories about Irish emigrants at the Irish Emigration Museum. If you are a whiskey lover, you will love the Irish Whiskey Museum, where you can learn about the history and the production of whiskey.,You can also see exciting exhibitions at the Little Museum of Dublin, the National Museum of Ireland and the National Gallery of Ireland. They are all located near the beautiful St. Stephen’s Green.,Ireland has four distinguished writers who have won the Nobel Prize for literature. That’s why the Dublin Writers Museum is worth visiting to find out more about Shaw, Beckett, Wilde, Joyce and other great writers.,Dublin Zoo will please your kids for sure. If you are coming to Dublin with your family, you can also visit Dublinia, a history museum where you can learn more about the Viking and Medieval history of Dublin. About 125,000 people visit this museum annually.,Enjoy this Dublin Whiskey Blending Experience.,📍Tip,Visit as many attractions as possible in Dublin and save money at the same time is possible! Buy this Dublin All-Inclusive Pass, choose between a single- or multi-day ticket digital pass and get ready to visit brew houses, museums, castles, cathedrals and even explore the city at your leisure on a hop-on hop-off bus sightseeing tour. There are free entry to more than 35 attractions around town!,Trinity College is the oldest Irish university and is one of the most elite universities in Europe. There are thousands of printed works in the university’s library, among which is the most notable  Book of Kells.,St. Patrick’s Cathedral is another famous tourist attraction in Dublin. It’s the tallest cathedral in Ireland, and it also has the adjacent Marsh’s Library and a beautiful park where you can walk through and relax.,Dublin’s largest park is Phoenix Park, which is twice as big as New York’s  Central Park. There is no entrance fee.,Take advantage of your time in Dublin to visit Croke Park Stadium, which hosts major sporting events and concerts. This is one of the largest European stadiums, with a capacity of more than 80,000 people.,Gaelic football and hurling games are played here, and it is known for the 1972 boxing match of  Muhammad Ali against Alvin Lewis. Within the stadium, you can also visit the GAA Museum and take a Croke Park skyline tour of the rooftop walk.,Enjoy this Self-Guided Cathedral Admission.,Dublin is a city of young people, so the nightlife in Dublin is great. Every Dublin travel guide will recommend that you visit the Temple Bar, a cult place for a night out. The best pubs and nightclubs in Dublin are located in Leeson, Harcourt and Wexford Street.,Shopping lovers will be drawn to Grafton Street, Moore Street and Henry Street. These are the most popular places for shopping in Dublin, with many stores and boutiques. If you want to buy interesting antique items, the best place is Francis Street.,Enjoy this 2-Hour Premium Whiskey Food Tasting Experience.,Dublin Castle is one of the most famous buildings in the history of Ireland. It was built as a medieval fortress, and for centuries it was the seat of English and British rulers.,After the great fire, it was converted into a palace, which now has more than 200,000 visitors a year. This castle is located in Dublin City Center, close to River Liffey.,Halfway from Dublin to the city of Cork, in County Tipperary, there is one of the most-visited tourist attractions in Ireland. The Rock of Cashel is an important archeological site, with medieval buildings.,A tour of this place is completed with a Romanesque chapel and a Gothic cathedral from the 12th and 13th centuries, as well as an audio-visual show.,Take this Blarney Castle and Cork Full-Day Tour.,Blarney Castle, located in the south, near Cork, is one of the biggest tourist attractions in Ireland. It was built 600 years ago and is known for a fascinating centuries-old tradition – kissing the Blarney stone.,It is believed that if you kiss the stone, you will be eloquent and never run out of words. To kiss this stone, you need to climb to the top of the tower and take an upside-down position. It may seem silly, but this legend attracts millions of tourists every year.,The Irish can also boast one of the most beautiful castles in the world. Kilkenny Castle was built in the 12th century and is one of the most important medieval buildings in Ireland. Inside the castle, you can admire art collections, and after that, you can relax in a beautiful garden around the castle.,Read More: Travel in Ireland’s West Cork Islands,Skellig Michael Island, together with its twin Little Skellig, is a great attraction for tourists. While Litlle Skellig is inaccessible, Skellig Michael even had residents – monks who built a monastery with several stone houses in the 6th century.,These buildings have been preserved to this day. They can be reached via steep stone steps. Due to its great historical significance, Skellig Michael has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,Carrauntoohil is the highest mountain in Ireland, and it is also located in County Kerry. If you love hiking, this is an excellent place to go. You can climb up to 1,038 meters (3,405 feet) above sea level, as more than 100,000 people each year do here.,You can also visit this mountain as part of a walking tour that includes the entire mountain range of MacGillycuddy’s Reeks.,Take this 9-Hour Guided Ring of Kerry and Killarney Tour.,Killarney National Park is another place worth visiting in County Kerry. The Ring of Kerry is a gift for driving enthusiasts. Within the 180-kilometer (111-mile) circular tour of the Iveragh Peninsula, you can see stunning scenery and heritage attractions. The Ring of Kerry is part of the Wild Atlantic Way, a spectacular 2,500-kilometer (1,553-mile)  route.,Wicklow Mountains National Park is just 30 kilometers (18 miles) from Dublin. It is an excellent place for a day trip from Dublin. You can set aside a few days to visit this place if you have time. There are enough recreational facilities and beautiful places worth visiting.,Although the highest peak is only 925 meters (3,034 feet) above sea level, you will find enough trails that you can walk for hours and even days. You’ll see twin lakes of Lough Bray, Powerscourt waterfall and the remains of an old mine in the Glendalough Valley.,If you love hiking, you can also find miles of excellent trails on Croagh Patrick Mountain, in County Mayo.,National Geographic magazine described the Dingle Peninsula as one of the most beautiful places on the planet. Lush greenery and beautiful landscapes will leave you breathless. You will enjoy views of the mountains, green fields and sandy beaches.,You can spend a few days in these areas hiking, kayaking, sailing, cycling and horse riding. If you don’t have much time, you can take a ride along the coast and admire the view.,Have you had the opportunity to stand on a high cliff and enjoy looking at the Atlantic Ocean? You can do that on the fantastic Aran Islands.,This group of islands consists of Inis Oirr, the smallest island and the closest to the mainland, then Inis Meain with beautiful green fields and Inis Mor, the largest Aran island. They are located off the west coast of Ireland, off Galway Bay.,Take this Cliffs of Moher Day Tour from Dublin.,If the  Cliffs of Moher sounds familiar, you may have seen these rocky sea cliffs in a Harry Potter movie. They belong to the UNESCO Global Geopark. Cliffs of Moher is in County Clare at the southwestern edge of the Burren region.,These cliffs are 14 kilometers (8.6 miles) long and reach 214 meters (702 feet) in height. Every year, as many as 1.5 million people visit this place, from which the Aran Islands can be seen. There is also a visitor center, and you can find out more about that natural beauty through an interactive presentation.,Slieve League is another exciting place that nature lovers should visit in Ireland. It is a mountain in County Donegal, on the Atlantic coast, with cliffs higher even than the Cliffs of Moher. For the best experience, we recommend the Bunglass lookout.,If you are interested in how to make top-quality whiskey, or you just want to learn more about this alcoholic beverage, the Old Bushmills Distillery is the place for you.,Ireland is also a country of pubs and excellent beer. Don’t miss the chance to visit the oldest pub in Ireland – Sean’s pub, located in Athlone.,Guinness Storehouse in Dublin is visited by a million people per year, so it is one of Ireland’s biggest tourist attractions. Besides learning more about the history of beer, you can spice up your visit with a tour of Guinness beer.,Enjoy this Giant’s Causeway Tour and Whiskey Tasting.,A visit to Ireland is not complete without a visit to the old prisons where numerous movies have been filmed. Kilmainham Gaol was once a prison for criminals and Irish politicians, and today it is a museum.,Spike Island, where Fort Mitchell is located, is also becoming more and more popular. This fort once served as a prison. Nearly 100,000 people every year visit this place in the south of Ireland.,Newgrange is located just 45 minutes by car from Dublin, on the way to Northern Ireland, which is part of Great Britain. It is a prehistoric monument in County Meath, founded in the Neolithic era, meaning it is older than Stonehenge.,Belfast is a two-hour drive from Dublin. The capital of Northern Ireland is ideal for a day trip from Dublin because you can visit several interesting places just in one day. The most popular spots include the Titanic Belfast Museum, the Ulster Museum, the Belfast Castle and the Botanic Gardens.,If you continue to the northern end of the island, after an hour’s drive from Belfast, you will see two fascinating locations visited by half a million people a year.,Carrick-a-Rede is a suspension pedestrian bridge, in a beautiful place. It is 30 meters (98.4 feet) high and 20 meters (65.6 feet) long, and it is an extraordinary experience to cross.,Giants Causeway is yet another fantastic place created by a volcanic eruption about 50 million years ago. As the lava cooled, it contracted and fractured, making up to 12 meters (39.3 feet) high lava pillars. It has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,Enjoy this Celts and Castles Tour.,Ready to plan a delight-filled adventure in Ireland? Start preparing with insider tips on the best shops, hotel or VRBO accommodations, local restaurant favorites and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Have even more fun by planning some unique Ireland activities, expert-led tours and skip-the-line tickets to major attractions through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,For exclusive flight discounts and car rental reservations, check out CheapOair.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagna. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,The unusual community of Cassadaga, Florida has been called the “Psychic Capital of the World.” Here’s why.,The “spirited” conversation began the night before we departed for Cassadega, Florida, and our 7 p.m. appointment for a séance.,The responses to my post to our group flew in like so many ghosts: “How does one pack for an overnight girl’s séance trip to Caasadega?”,From Birgie, one of the group: “I’m letting the spirits guide me in my packing . . .”,From another friend: “Flower crowns and vodka.”,My response to that: “They’re actually telling us not to drink (much) before the séance, but I may need wine or vodka after to sleep in the purportedly haunted Cassadega Hotel.”,From a fellow Florida travel writer: “Yes, it is haunted. Man wearing too much cologne – which does NOT mask the cigar smell – likes to touch your toes.”,We were already familiar with that cigar-smoking ghost. We had made the trip to Cassadega a few years ago to have readings and a tour of the Florida town and its Spiritualist Camp.,On the tour, we learned about Arthur, a former opera singer from New York, who has a penchant for cigars and booze.,We did not actually see a ghost, but my friend Colleen swears that when she went to the porch of the Cassadaga Hotel to have a cigarette, the empty chair at her table started rocking. Arthur looking for a smoke?,As odd as it may seem that a number of Cassadega’s population are, well, dead — the living population has its own quirks: It consists of about 200 Spiritualists, psychics, mediums, and healers.,I’m fairly open-minded about all that, but was ready to give it all an objective assessment.,“We get a lot of good spirits here because we welcome spirits,” said Lillian Selph, one of the living who guided our tour, which started at the Cassadega Bookstore, across the street from the Cassadaga Hotel.,Built in the 1920s, the block-long, two-floor hotel is not your average flappers-age accommodation. Besides the fact that guests report visits from Arthur, the hotel strays from the norm with its schedule of group readings, séances and other psychic events.,Inscriptions on the wall of the lobby’s ladies rooms speak of fairies and enlightenment. The gift shop carries crystals and essential oils. Not to mention the self-propelled rocking chair on the porch.,The hotel can arrange readings, although as far as the Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp is concerned, it’s on the “other side of town.”,Just across the street, the circa-1905 bookstore is the second headquarters for visitors finding their path through town.,It carries much of the same metaphysical gift stock, plus séance smudge sticks, stones, incense, and T-shirts that read “Cassadaga. Where Mayberry meets Twilight Zone.” I couldn’t have summed it up better myself.,The bookstore is headquarters for all manner of spiritualist events from bingo to transfiguration demonstrations.,Its dry-erase boards holds the names and phone numbers of “on-call” mediums for the day. Here is where we signed up for our guided tour of the camp.,“The rules are different here,” Lilian started out. “Think of it like a condo association.”,A condo association for mediums and healers, that is. Within the confines of the “camp,” Cassadaga requires its professionals to undergo four to six years of training and a certification evaluation to hang a shingle. Cassadaga Hotel is outside of the confines, but asserts its own standards.,Certified mediums don’t need to use tools such as tarot cards, tea leaves or palms, Lilian said. If you feel you’ve picked an incompatible personality, you can ask for another at no charge. They are extremely fraud-avoidant in Cassadaga.,Along the one-street tour, we learned the camp’s history. George Colby, after a near-death experience, purchased 35 acres northeast of Orlando at the end of the 19th century.,It eventually became the winter camp for the Lily Dale spiritualist community in Chautauqua County, New York.,Modern Spiritualism is a science, philosophy, and religion with its own nationwide association. Cassadaga, however, operates independently.,Since its birth, 20 acres have added to the real estate of the “camp,” so-named because originally people stayed in tents while communing with the spirits and those in touch with them.,Homes along Stevens Street date to the same turn-of-the-century era. The tour, which involved intel about President Lincoln’s dabbling in the spirit world, ended at the Colby Memorial Temple, where we learned about the Spiritualist religion.,The highlight of that talk was hearing about how séances are performed. We were privy to look into the séance room with its “tipping table,” but were not allowed into the sanctified room.,The table tips, we learn, as a positive response to yes-and-no questions. We were ready to sign up for one there and then, but alas, wrong night. And our readings awaited us.,We each had very different experiences with our readings at the hotel, except for MaryBeth and Colleen, who both had Kat as a reader. She was specific in a scary way about their husbands, kids, finances, etc.,Torre, my medium, arrived out of breath and had to catch it for 15 minutes. She told me she had been healing all day and looked worn-out by the effort.,I listened to a little commercial about her upcoming Halloween witches event at the hotel. I had read that she does events at Universal Studio, so I was expecting some drama.,Her visions and communications with those “on the other side” were general. Some I could have made fit into what has been going into my life. I did not ever feel she was not authentic, although I did at one point think I should terminate.,There was a genuine goose-bump moment when she connected with a friend, but then again she was general, and I made that connection myself.,She asked if there was anything or anyone I wanted to know about, but I was more or less testing what she could tell me.,For instance, she asked me my birth date. Shouldn’t she know that, I wondered?,Her takeaway message was that I was going to have a big change within a month. And the cards (she did use cards and palms) showed a new romance. I am happily married, FYI.,Karyn had a similar experience with a woman outside of the hotel, as if the mediums were just a little too tired to focus? I don’t know.,What I do know is that we had been trying for a couple of years to get back for a séance at the church, but they always filled up quickly. So we settled for one of the bi-monthly séances at the hotel with medium Mary Hayes.,Here about 20 of us gathered in a room upstairs and one by one instructed Mary to ask questions of one dearly departed. Boxes of tissues were distributed throughout the room, and most of the participants became emotional.,Call us cynical, but we remained dry-eyed. We, in fact, stifled giggles at times.,I’m told that the experiences outside the hotel, within the camp, are more authentic, but perhaps for the cynical there’s just no point. Heck, Arthur didn’t even show up during the night we spent in the old hotel.,But even if your experience in Cassadaga doesn’t quite reach paranormal, it’s guaranteed to be well to the far side of Florida normal.,Cassadaga Hotel 386-228-2323, www.cassadagahotel.net,Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp 386-228-3171, www.cassadaga.org,Author Bio: Chelle Koster Walton  has lived in Southwest Florida since 1981. She is a freelance travel and food writer and editor who has authored and co-authored more than a dozen guidebooks and apps, including Fodor’s guides, the Sarasota, Sanibel Island & Naples Explorers Guide, The Bahamas Explorer’s Guide, and DK Eyewitness Florida Family Guide. Her work has appeared in publications from USA Today to CruiseCritic.com along with documentaries and lifestyle segments for WGCU Public Television.,[mappress mapid=”990″],For some, getting lost is a hassle. For me, wandering through Genoa was a pleasure.,A church bell rang as a woman approached me, “Scusi, signora, dov`è…”― I stopped her before she could ask directions. In my shoddy Italian I explained with a smile that I was lost too. She smiled back and I went on my way, meandering through the shadowy paths of the historic center of Genoa.,Most of the time, getting lost brings on grimaces rather than smiles. But losing direction in the maze of narrow and steep medieval streets in Genoa’s Centro Storico, the historic center, could not have been more enjoyable.,The idyllic area, squeezed between the port and the city’s terraced hillside, is said to be the largest historical town center in Europe. Old walls and forts surround this picturesque port city with its many Renaissance palaces and richly decorated churches, such as Annunciation and St. Ambrose (both 16th century).,The Cathedral of San Lorenzo (rebuilt in 1100 and frequently restored) is perhaps the most famous building besides the 16th-century Lanterna (lighthouse) ― an emblem of Genoa. So I tucked away my impossible-to-follow map and discovered that surrendering to Genoa, letting her reveal herself, was the way to find the essence of the ancient city.,Genoa, beautifully situated on the Gulf of Genoa, an arm of the Ligurian Sea, is the chief seaport of Italy. The city is also a major commercial and industrial center. About 700,000 people call Genoa home.,One of them was my group’s guide, Micaela, a flaming red-haired 20-something part-time pop music singer. Like the rest of the Genovese, she was enthusiastic about introducing us to Genoa’s high-profile sights.,Genoa was named a European Cultural Capital of 2004, and locals like Micaela were pumped to show off their city, “Genoa, La Superba” (The Haughty) ― this is the nickname the city took on during its 13th to 18th century maritime heyday.,But I found myself most attracted to Genoa the Humble. Micaela started us off at the Porto Antico (Old Harbor), badly damaged in World War II and rebuilt in 1992, when Genoa celebrated the 500th anniversary of the voyage of its most famous native, Christopher Columbus.,I drifted from the modern plaza ― designed by local architect Lorenzo Piano ― to the folksy food stalls.,There, under sunflower-colored tents, cooks sold regional specialties. I spotted what was to become my favorite Genovese snack: thin, lightly salted focaccia bread served hot and stuffed with melted cheese.,Our home base ― the Starhotel President ― is in the modern area of town, a short walk to the Via Settembre XX, a 19th-century boulevard flanked by a sculpted arcade which serves as entrances to chain stores and designer shops and eventually hits the city’s historic center.,Once again, I was drawn off the major thoroughfare to discover a treasure: the colorful Mercato Orientale. This old market was an Augustinian monastery and is now a daily stop for housewives to pick up the harvest of the season.,The most unforgettable sight and smell in the bustling market came from overflowing piles of basil. The leaves were smaller and of a more vibrant green than I’ve ever seen before. The pesto in Genoa, made from this basil, was the best I’ve ever tasted ― so much so I ordered it at every meal.,Closer into the historic center, we toured the palaces which encircle it. I admired the creamy yellow-and-rose façade of the Palazzo Ducale, which was formerly the Doges Palace. When I got closer, I realized I’d actually been admiring a masterpiece of tromp l’oeil. “The Genovese have a reputation for being cheap,” explained Micaela. “They didn’t want to spend money on stone masons, so they perfected an art of painting to make three-dimensional effects.”,I fell for this Genovese optical trick of perspective more than once. Visiting the Renaissance Palazzo Rosso on the Via Garibaldi, I kept doing double takes at a ceiling fresco. “Is that angel’s foot sculpture or paint?” I wondered. It took me a good few minutes of scoping it from all angles to conclude that I’d been fooled again.,A quartet of Jazz musicians stopped me in front of the San Lorenzo cathedral. Their simplicity contrasted with a dizzying Gothic backdrop: black-and-white strips of marble, curlicue columns, stone lions and saints. It was a classic gem of a Genovese scene ― mixing the humble with the superba.,Shooting off from the cathedral square in all directions are the “doglegged” alleys (called carrugi) that make up the treasure-filled labyrinth of the old city. Curiosity piqued, I went my separate way from the tour group to explore the mysterious pathways that cut between seven-story-high buildings.,The historic center was created by Genoa’s rich merchants in the 13th and 14th centuries, when each family staked out its territory, building its own churches, palaces, and squares, and cramming in additions as they grew more prosperous.,This was once the site of chases and back stabbings between feuding families. But centuries later, my walk through it could not have been more peaceful. There were no cars, it was practically tourist-free, and I blended in with its working class locals.,It was like walking through an open-air museum, lit by slits of sunlight filtered through the shadows. I found votive stone figurines (called edicole) jutting from second-story corners of pale gold and ochre buildings, and Biblical scenes cut in friezes above the doorways.,One alley opened up to the Piazza Campetto, where I watched painters on scaffolding as they restored the pastel façade of the Imperial Palace. A steep stairway attached to the palace led me under starry frescoed ceilings to what was once the goldsmith’s loggia. It’s now the home of Fabrorum, a store, laboratory and museum showcasing the traditional Genovese art of gold filigree. Elegant rooms displayed everything from centuries old chalices to gorgeous necklaces and earrings for sale. I was offered a tour of the jewelry laboratory, but begged off, wanting to get more of the street flavor.,I found Klainguti, a caffé or coffee shop, dating to 1826, and where Giuseppe Verdi hung out during the 40 winters he spent here. Past the counters of confections, were small connecting Rococo salons featuring crystal cut mirrors and chandeliers.,The stores I stumbled upon could have been roped off with velvet as displays of life in another century, each decked out with baroque painted or sculpted signs. There were white-tiled butcher shops with marble-slab counters, pharmacies with colorful ceramic jars displayed in dark wood cases, and dusty engraving workshops.,Though the shopkeepers didn’t speak much English, I found browsing with smiles and hand signals was welcome. Unlike other Italian cities, the Genovese have not been burnt-out by an onslaught of tourists. As a result, the authenticity of the city has not been compromised, the locals are patient and accommodating, and there were no overcrowded restaurants or long lines at museums.,At our farewell dinner that night, everyone in our travel group had stories to tell about their adventures in the “labyrinth.”,Tom had visited Genoa’s Jazz Museum, which chronicled the stars who had played at the city’s festivals and nearby coastal resorts. Antonia showed off a pair of pearly chic shoes she’d bought for a bargain.,I’d picked up a handmade cut glass lavender bracelet. It sparkled on my wrist as I made a toast: “To return for more days of getting lost and finding Genoa’s treasures.”,If You Go,Italian State Tourist Board,www.enit.it,Genoa Tourist Board,www.genovatouristboard.net,The activities are endless in this cluster of islands near the northern tip of New Zealand.,New Zealand has experienced a tourist boom in recent years, fueled in part by the success of The Lord of the Rings films.,Most tourists travel south from Auckland, the largest city in the country, and then head to the thermal mud pools and cultural attractions of Rotorua (central North Island).,From there, tourists often venture south to the dramatic landscapes of the South Island.,Yet there are many things to see and do in the Northland region of the North Island.,The Bay of Islands and Cape Reinga ― New Zealand’s northernmost point ― are probably two of New Zealand’s most beautiful locations.,The Bay of Islands is close to the northern tip of the country. It’s a natural harbor, with several arms extending into the land.,There are almost 150 islands and secluded bays boasting an abundance of marine life. Captain James Cook visited the region in 1769 and named the area.,It was here that the first Europeans settled. But you’ll also find many historical sites documenting the original Maori culture.,Paihia is a friendly little beach town in the Bay of Islands and a good launch spot to explore the area. If you have your scuba diving license, it’s possible to explore the wreck of the Rainbow Warrior.,TheRainbow Warrior was Greenpeace’s flagship. In 1985, it was due to set sail to protest against French nuclear testing in the Pacific.,Instead, it was bombed in Auckland Harbor by the French secret service, killing a Greenpeace photographer in the process. Two French secret agents were captured in New Zealand.,The others escaped and were picked up by a French submarine. The Rainbow Warrior was towed to the north of New Zealand and sunk as a memorial.,I wanted to see the ship for myself. This was the first time I had done a wreck dive, and it had been over two years since I had done any scuba diving, so I was a bit nervous.,It was different diving in colder water, and I had to get used to wearing a thicker wet suit with hood and booties.,Four other tourists aboard my tour were all more experienced divers than me ― the couple from Germany were dive instructors themselves ― and so I got the dive instructor as my “dive buddy,” as you are always supposed to dive in pairs for safety.,First, we had a look at photos and a map of the wreck to orient ourselves, and then we all got into the water. The ship lies at a depth of about 82 feet (25 m).,We knelt down in the sand at the sea bottom just in front of the bow of the boat and looked up to see the Rainbow Warriorlooming over us.,The wreck is covered in algae, barnacles and coral. We spent about 20 minutes exploring the boat, first swimming around and then inside the ship.,The mess hall was filled with a mass of fish (who soon parted when we appeared). And while there wasn’t much else to see inside the boat, it was still a great experience.,There is a certain eerie feeling to swimming through an abandoned vessel where someone has died.,On the way back to Paihia, the dive boat clipped something underwater and the engine failed. The dive instructor had to radio for help and we waited for another boat to pick us up.,One of the other tourists aboard was French, and jokingly suggested that he might be able to arrange for a French submarine to pick us up…,The Bay of Islands is known for its marine life: marlins, whales, penguins, dolphins and other fish. I opted for a cruise that offered a swim with the dolphins.,Sure enough, a half hour into our cruise, we came across a group of dolphins swimming around some fishing boats. But since they were near fishing boats, we couldn’t approach them.,Another half-hour passed and we found another group of dolphins, but they had babies with them, so we couldn’t go swimming with them, either.,Instead, we got to lie down over the bow of the boat and watch as the dolphins swam under us.,Cape Reinga makes another great day-trip from Paihia. I took a tour up to the cape, and along the way we drove over the so-called “90 Mile Beach” (which is actually only 64 miles or 103 km long).,This long stretch of beach is considered a “highway” and all the tour buses drive along it, as well as other vehicles.,It’s common for drivers unfamiliar with the beach to get stuck in the sand or to be caught unawares by the incoming tide. It made for some interesting viewing!,Near the beach are enormous sand dunes that are a popular spot for sand boarding. Our tour bus provided boogie boards, and we climbed up a punishing steep dune.,Then we lay down on the boards, pushed off and zoomed down at a frightening pace.,After lunch, we reached dramatic Cape Reinga, “the place of leaping” in Maori mythology. Here, the spirits of the dead are believed to leap off the land and climb down the roots of an ancient tree to descend into the underworld.,This is also the site of a lighthouse and provides spectacular ocean views.,The Bay of Islands is within close distance of Waipoua Forest, which contains Tane Mahuta (meaning “Lord of the Forest”) ― the biggest living Kauri tree in New Zealand.,This giant is 167 feet (51 m) high, has a circumference of 45 feet (13.8 m), is estimated to be about 2,000 years old and was worshipped as a god by the local Maoris.,The Kauri trees are remnants of the ancient subtropical rainforest and were once prized for their beautiful, strong wood., ,Over 99 percent of them were chopped down. There are several projects underway to replenish their numbers.,The nearby town of Kawakawa boasts the first building in the Southern Hemisphere designed by Austrian artist and architect Friedensreich Hundertwasser (1928-2000).,It’s not the grand structure you’d expect. It’s a public toilet! Still, it’s one of the most interesting public toilets you’ll ever see, sporting the same unusual curves and colors that Hundertwasser is renowned for.,There are many other activities that can be undertaken from the Bay of Islands. Beautiful walks, waterfalls and scenic cruises are all possibilities. So, if you arrive in Auckland, make sure to go north before you head down south!,Bay of Islands,www.nzinfo.com,Bay of Islands Travel Guide,www.bay-of-islands.co.nz,New Zealand’s Information Network,www.newzealandnz.co.nz,New Zealand Tourism Board,www.purenz.com,Tourism New Zealand,www.tourisminfo.govt.nz, ,Paris’ bohemian heart has many a treasure for the carefree traveler. Siddharth Dasgupta reflects on the city’s charm in the wake of tragedy.,Paris’ bohemian heart has many a treasure for the carefree traveler. But is any of this even relevant given the devastation that has been wreaked upon the city? Siddharth Dasgupta seems to think so. Here are the  experiences and detours that offer an unabashed celebration of ‘Gay Paree’.,Paris lies ravaged; Paris too shall rise. In the wake of all that’s just happened, my mind is consumed by thoughts of a city abounding with lyrical flirtations and life-changing revelations, from no more than a month ago.,Amid fleeting glimpses of familiarity on the television and an ocean of pointless France-draped social media profiles, it dawns on me that perhaps the best way to remember, love and strengthen Paris is to celebrate everything.,The capital itself cherishes with a deep passion – the arts, music, culture, literature, and an unconquerable lust for life.,All of these and the intangible romance that the city holds is perhaps never more keenly felt than when you’re in the laidback throes of the Latin Quarter of Paris.,Spanning the fifth and some of the sixth Arrondissements, this fabled neighborhood sparkles and shimmers with legends of the past while charming its way through present-day Paris.,From being a cultural cradle, the epicenter of the massively influential student revolution of the ’60s, and a hunting-ground for authors of the Voltaire, Hemingway and Sartre vintage to being the Left Bank’s enduring intellectual center and a persistent image of Paris itself, Quartier Latin has worn (and continues to wear) many hats… each of them with predictable flair.,While there’s no disputing the fact that the disease of gentrification and the ensuing onslaught of tourists might have stifled many of its charms, the Latin Quarter still has enough magic in its myriad streets to stir your restless heart.,There’s nothing more to be said than for throwing away those tour guide maps and getting lost., You can’t walk a couple of steps in the Latin Quarter without bumping into a stylish café or a bistro brimming with character.,For the cream of the crop, save the Quarter’s two never-ending, bisecting avenues – Boulevard Saint-Michel and Boulevard Saint-Germain – for later, and duck into the hundreds of arterial streets and alleyways flowing out from them.,These are a Pandora’s Box of delights, assaulting your senses with abandon. Give the tourist-clogged rue de la Huchette a wide berth and let your instincts guide you toward something a touch more special.,Eric Kayser (14 rue Monge) delivers note-perfect coffee, croissants, sandwiches, pastries, and al fresco bar-stool seating, and is your window into a decidedly Parisian way of life.,Café de la Nouvelle Mairie (19 Rue des Fossés Saint-Jacques) is another gem, serving apéro, charcuterie, cheese, and a spirited vibe that remains.,For an all-in-one affair, Place St. André des Arts (right next to Place Saint-Michel) is a sheltered enclave filled with bistros where time and tide appear to have frozen in the wake of centuries-old stories, a still perceptible artistic heritage and Quartier Latin’s Roman aesthetic.,The Quarter’s Roman and Medieval visage is at some of its most striking across its wealth of colleges.,This neighborhood has been the heart of student Paris for nearly 900 years now, and in fact derives its name from the fact that Latin was the common tongue among students pouring in from all over Europe in the Middle Ages.,You’d figure that these many years would have resulted in a beauty or two. I give you La Sorbonne (www.english.paris-sorbonne.fr/).,France’s oldest university was founded in 1253 and looks as though it’s just stepped out of a retro photo-shoot for Vogue.,This leading center of theology exudes old-world regalia, just as much as Place de la Sorbonne oozes youthful exuberance through the thousands of demis – half pints of draft beers – being consumed in its cluster of cafés.,Lycée Henri IV (23 rue Clovis) is an able public school accompaniment to La Sorbonne, while the Neoclassical-styled Panthéon (though not a college but a monumental mausoleum – pantheon.monuments-nationaux.fr) is the most worthy of homages to the wealth of French luminaries, authors and scholars who lie within.,Snug in its address on Paris’ fabled Left Bank, Quartier Latin always gives you the impression that the Seine is no more than a whisper away.,That’s because it isn’t. Use your senses to guide you through these myriad alleyways and you’ll always find the city-traversing river close at hand.,Quai de la Tournelles runs along the Seine, bringing with it Les Bouquinistes – the riverside booksellers who line up every day from around 10 in the morning. It brings with them a treat of secondhand books, rare French editions, original scribbles and paintings, posters, postcards, curios… and an inescapable roguish charm.,This is the quintessential Latin Quarter experience so you must take your time as you amble along from stall to stall along the quays beginning from Pont Marie, open Parisian skies at your disposal.,Staying with the theme, drop in to Les Bouquinistes Restaurant (53 Quai des Grands Augustins) across the street near Pont Neuf for celebrity chef Guy Savoy’s take on contemporary French fare.,To derive maximum pleasure from the Latin Quarter, there’s no two ways about it… you must get lost.,The seemingly inexhaustible network of streets, or rues, and a dizzying labyrinth of alleyways, bylanes, side streets, and hidden pathways are medieval Paris on a platter… atmospheric at every turn.,On rue de la Harpe, cobblestone streets and cafés filled with lively chatter welcome you to dip into Paris as it lives, breathes, laughs… and eats.,Beginning near the Panthéon and ending at the Place de la Contrescarpe on the Montagne Sainte-Geneviève hill, Rue Mouffetard is a Parisian gem where time appears to have frozen but where romance lingers on in the form of bistros ripe with conversation, pavements filled with music, and 16th-century homes redolent with secrets.,Walking along the crooked streets, squeezing yourself in between Parisians on single-file alleyways, you’re reminded that travel is at its most beautiful when kept simple.,Quartier Latin seems to flow to its own charming notes, as played out by a motley crew of buskers and street performers. Keep your eyes and ears open.,If you don’t catch the accordion player making his lonesome way along the Seine’s pavements, you’re more than likely to come across sidewalk performances on Rue Mouffetard.,And should you not be in the mood for a poetic troubadour on Rue de la Bûcherie, there’s always time to duck into a jazz dive collective, spirited indie outfit or plaintive French ingénue along rues Huchette, Saint-Jacques and Saint-Séverin.,In this neighborhood, every great meal is aromatic of the past. And across one holy trifecta of unforgettable brasseries, you’re reminded just why.,At Les Deux Magots (6 Place Saint-Germain-des-Prés), ghosts of Hemingway, Picasso and James Joyce mingle carelessly over sumptuous wild burgundy snails, wilted spinach salmon fillet, and roasted duck with figs.,Literally a skip away meanwhile, the fashionable Café de Flore (172 Boulevard Saint-Germain) counts Simone de Beauvoir and Jean Paul Sartre as its lingering patrons, best savoured over duck confit and French Champagne.,Hop across the road, and Brasserie Lipp (151 Boulevard Saint-Germain) brings you a sophisticated peek into conversations that Proust, Chagall and Camus might once have engaged in over traditional French roasts and soufflés.,At Terroir Parisien (20 rue Saint-Victor) meanwhile, a plat du jour or haute croquet monsieur for lunch and the Apéro for dinner make for powerful arguments.,Finally, walk into 1686 and Paris’ oldest restaurant for dinner at Le Procope (13 Rue de l’Ancienne Comédie), a stunning remnant of old-world charm., Lest you thought this was all drink, eat and play, Quartier Latin doesn’t disappoint the culture buff in you either. The embarrassment of cultural treasures and historical riches within such few square miles could alone keep you occupied for days.,Start with the Musée Cluny (6 Place Paul Painlevé) – this National Museum of the Middle Ages, built on the excavation site of an ancient Roman bath complex, has an arresting collection of medieval tapestries and Roman and Gallic sculptures from the first century AD.,Next up, the quaint Eglise Saint-Sevérin Saint-Nicolas (3 Rue des Prêtes Saint-Séverin), tucked away in an impossibly tiny lane, possesses an immersive aura that flows across its Flamboyant Gothic architecture, its dark sanctuary flooded with candles, and stained-glass windows from the 14th century.,Another beautiful ode to spiritual devotion is the Eglise Saint-Etienne-du-Mont (Place Sainte-Geneviève), where a Late Gothic architectural aesthetic merges gently into a Renaissance flourish.,Finally, on the edge of the painfully hip Saint-Germain-des-Prés neighborhood, lies my pick of the bunch.,Musée National Eugène Delacroix (www.musee-delacroix.fr) is a small but exquisite homage to the life and works of French Romanticist Eugène Delacroix, including his eternal classic – Magdalene in the Desert.,This is Paris, and indulgence is a virtue no less. It feels at times that there are more fromageries and boulangeries than people in this area, so choose wisely. For cheeses, Rue Mouffetard is the only street you need.,While Androuet (androuet.com) offers up a gorgeous selection including Bethmale du chèvre and Le Bambois, it’s Mouffetard’s blissful al freso Sunday market that gives you a large selection of charcuterie, runny cheeses, and an experience worth savouring.,Also, Laurent Dubois (www.fromageslaurentdubois.fr) brings you treasures such as the Camembert stuffed with Calvodos-soaked apples, but make sure you’re loaded with euros!,To sate your sweet tooth, Marie-Hélène Gantois’ Mococha (89 rue Mouffetard) packs flavours from three master chocolatiers, while Maison Georges Larnichol (19 rue de la Harpe), invites you to create customised gift boxes filled with artisanal creations.,Given the heady vibe and the large student presence, it’s but natural that the Quarter would be overflowing with bars and wine shops.,Its throbbing heart lies in the quadrant between La Sorbonne and the Panthèon, with a celebratory atmosphere pervading rue de la Montagne-Sainte-Geneviève, rue Mouffetard, and the crowded, student-heavy terraces on place de la Contrescarpe.,Rock up at Bar Tabac (7 place de la Sorbonne) for its sun-kissed terrace and a 19th century spirit; la Closerie des Lilas (171 Boulevard du Montparnasse) is your address for classic cocktails and a piano-bar setting with memories of Trotsky, Picasso and Hemingway floating around; at the enigmatic Curio Parlor meanwhile (16 rue des Bernadins), a quirky, velvet-crushed ambience comes laced with thunderous Japanese whiskies; a little further along, dalliances and drinks mingle well at the candlelit, jazz-infused Le Petit Café (6 rue Descartes); staying with the jazz fix, Caveau des Oubliettes (52 rue Galande) brings you more of the heady stuff across a series of vaulted medieval cellars; but if it’s rock that your heart craves, Le Piano Vache (8 rue Leplace) throbs with a wild heart and loud hedonists; leaving you with Le Bistrot des Artistes (6 rue de Anglais) for an exuberant collage of Afro-Cuban sounds and arguably the best mojitos in all of Paris.,I’ve saved the best for last. Lying all raggedy and romantic on the cobblestoned half-road that is rue de la Bûcherie, Shakespeare & Company welcomes the free-spirited soul with a wealth of second-hand editions, rare books, French classics in English, and an abundance of folklores.,This is, in my rather biased opinion, the most charming little bookstore in the world.,As ghosts of Hemingway and the Lost Generation and oft-repeated stories of Allen Ginsberg and the Beat Generation mingle through the ceiling-high bookshelves, an intellectual clientele, an air of poignancy, and that fabled green and yellow visage, life and literature appear as willing bedfellows in an enduring love affair.,Later, having a glass of deep red on one of the houseboat restaurants flanking the Seine, I reflect on Quartier Latin with a mixture of fondness and happiness.,I’ve spent quality time with some legendary sidewalk cafés, I’ve immersed myself in the intellectual ambience pervading these spaces, I’ve waded through atmospheric bookshops.,I’ve dived headfirst into all the bohemian lure on offer, I’ve gotten happily lost within the medieval maze of winding streets; and above all, I’ve flirted with a romance that could only ever be Parisian.,A few weeks hence, mired by the sadness that has engulfed the city, I still know with surging certainty that the devastation and the trepidation is but temporary.,For this is a city that revels in its identity, that flourishes through its unity… that rises on the wings of its audacious beauty.,I remember that as I’d taken that last sip by the Seine, I was certain that the phrase I was going to leave Paris with wasn’t “Adieu” but “Au Revoir’. Switch to now, and it’s a thought that rings true with even deeper conviction.,Author Bio: Siddharth Dasgupta is an Indian novelist. He also articulates travel horizons and cultural experiences for the likes of Travel+Leisure, Conde Nast Traveller, the Dharamshala International Film Festival, and the Tibet Foundation. His twitter handle is @Siddha3th while he can be found on FB at www.facebook.com/leavesfromabook,[mappress mapid=”960″],See the world’s largest collection of Spanish painters, including works by Velazquez and Goya. Visit the Museo Del Prado in Madrid and see some of the most famous artwork in history.,We stand in a line that wraps halfway around the building. But that’s no bother. Nataliya and I enjoy the scenery, and the street musicians. The line moves fast, and before we can finish a captivating flamenco tune, we are entering the front doors.,Museo del Prado is one of Europe’s (and the world’s) largest art museums, and it houses, among many other things, the world’s biggest collection of Spanish paintings.,Dominating the museum are the works of Velazquez, Rubens, El Greco and Goya. We “met” two of them before even entering the palace, Goya and Velazquez immortalized in statuary.,There are more than 8,000 paintings at the Prado. Only about a fifth of them are on display. But that fifth would take days to properly take in.  Nataliya and I didn’t have days, we had hours. But we managed to walk through most of the museum in the limited hours we had, and we paid special attention to the paintings that interested us most.,Check out this interesting article on CHRIS CAMBELL CLAUSE: KENYAN WILDLIFE PAINTER,El Greco is well represented at the museum. One of the most notable paintings: the “Adoration of the Shepherds,” a dramatic work with somewhat surreal figures in vivid colors that pop within the dark framework of the picture.,The painting was intended for his own funerary chapel. In this painting, and most of El Greco’s work, one can see why he is held apart as a unique artist; unlike most of his contemporaries, he uses elongated, almost ghostly figures that make up with vibrant color contrasts what they lack in proper dimension.,There are a great number of paintings by Rubens at the Prado, including “The Three Graces,” one of the last great masterworks by the Flemish painter—originally from his own personal collection. Another interesting depiction is “The Birth of the Milky Way,” in which our galaxy is created with breast milk.,Of special interest is the El Bosco (Bosch) painting, “The Garden of Delights.” The enormous painting shows people falling into their desires, illustrated on three panels. ,Are you interested in learning a new skill while traveling? Then this article would be a great help:  WHY NOT LEARN A NEW SKILL WHEN YOU TRAVEL?,One panel appears to be heaven, the other hell—and in between, people in a Garden of Eden-esque setting having fun. What many viewers may not realize is that the work has yet another panel: the two side panels close over the middle garden like doors, the backs of the closed doors revealing the garden encircled in a sphere, seeming to be closed for the night.,The Velazquez collection is perhaps the most impressive of the Prado. Diego Velazquez’s contemporaries, including Manet and Giordano, called Velazquez the “painter of all painters” and his work “the theology of painting.”,My favorite Velazquez at the Prado is “Las Meninas,” or “The Maids of Honor.” This work is an experimentation of perspective: a portrait of the king and queen of Spain in which the subjects are barely noticeable—unless you know where to look for them.,They are in the mirror on the wall behind the painter (in self-portrait), as though the viewer of the painting is in the position of the king and queen. But this is not a vanity project: the painting centers on the 5-year-old Infanta Margarita, who looks out at her parents (or the viewer of the painting) as her ladies in waiting tend to her. It was a revolutionary examination of perspective.,And then there are the works of Goya. Of special note is the set, “The Clothed Maja” and “The Naked Maja,” each showing the painting’s subject in the exact same pose, one clothed, the other nude. The latter Maja is regarded as one of the most famous nudes in European painting.,Maja seems a content character; in fact, a number of Goya’s works showcased in the Prada are happier ones: “The Parasol” and “The Pottery Vendor,” for example. But most of his best-known works are of a darker nature.,“The Third of May 1808” is one of Goya’s most well-known paintings, depicting the shootings on Principe Pio Hill. It is displayed next to “The Second of May 1808,” depicting the charge of the Mamelukes. These less-delightful paintings are located just outside a room that houses Goya’s Black Paintings.,Goya’s “black paintings” depict the dark mood the artist was in during his later years of life. Totaling 14 paintings, they were originally frescos he painted on the walls his own house, Quinta del Sordo, or Deaf Man’s Residence.,The home was named after a previous resident who was deaf, but Goya himself was nearly deaf as well, so the name fit.,Although the black paintings were not exactly intended as a series, they share some of the same unique qualities: the large paintings are somber, irreverent and bitter, dealing with, misery, sickness, corruption and death. At the time of their creation, from 1819 to 1823, Goya was in a dark mood himself, fearing death or lunacy.,The paintings were for his own personal use, not intended for public display. He did not even title them; the titles were attributed by art historians after Goya’s death.,To stand inside the room, surrounded by the dark paintings, is depressing, the weight of them on your eyes, heavy. It is hard to imagine that this is what the artist decided to surround himself with day in and day out at his home.,But other Goya paintings I have since seen in other museums extend this dark, off-kilter theme as one that often tints the artist’s work.,A painting in San Diego’s Timken Museum, for example, called “Self-Portrait with Dr. Arrieta,” depicts the artist nearly dying in bed, being held up by the doctor who saved his life. (It was painted after his recovery, as a gift to Dr. Arrieta for saving his life.) Another “portrait” by Goya focused on a doctor’s scalpel and hands rather than his face.,Back to the black paintings of the Prado. One of the brighter of the black paintings is “Dog Drowning,” which is just as it sounds. Some of the darker ones include a horde of witches in the night huddled before a he-goat, and child with similar, monstrous features before them; “Two Men Eating Soup” shows two crazily smiling men at a table with bowls, one of them looking like nothing more than a skull in the shadows.,The painting of “Men Reading” seems somehow tuned into death. An old, bearded man sits with a printed page, and other men gather closely around him, looking at the paper. One of them looks pleadingly to the sky, as though praying desperately.,Certainly, it could not have been the artist’s intention at the time, but in today’s age of the ailing printed page it almost seems to predict the demise of the printed book in an age preoccupied with screens and electronics.,As a companion to the “Men Reading” painting, “Ladies Laughing” depicts a group of old women mocking a subject. Who are they mocking? Undoubtedly the men, who are clinging to their traditional way of reading.,It was in this pit of darkness that we met up with the husband of Cybel, the goddess who welcomed us to Madrid on her lion-drawn chariot, the iconic monument in front of the Palace of Communications.,Saturn’s painting is perhaps Goya’s most well-known work. “Saturn Devouring” His Son” depicts just that: the beastly god devouring his own son, his hands brutally digging into the man’s back as though into crust of a blood-red cherry pie.,It is a troubling painting, but Saturn, for his terrible deed, actually looks pathetic, crazed, and you almost feel as sorry for the monster as the victim. Saturn is, after all, only eating his son because he fears his own loss of power, because he is plagued by the universal fear of growing old.,A person could age just examining the troubling paintings in the room. But that is what makes them fascinating, and well worth examination.,It was getting dark when we left the Prado. It was time for some red wine and tapas before heading back home to Puerta del Sol, carrying a couple of books with the works of the Prado under our arm.,Pictures in an article just don’t compare to seeing them in person, on the walls of the museum.,Learn all you can when you visit with a top-rated tour from GetYourGuide. You can get an expert guide for the Museo Del Prado or explore the rest of Madrid here.,There are also many hotel options; we prefer to book local hotels  when we can, and there is no shortage of unique and charming hotels, from value to extravagant.,Our old-world-charm hotel was located right in Puerta del Sol, where we could walk to any of a hundred restaurants, cafes and bars—as well as to the Prado and countless tourist destinations. Any guidebook or tourist map will easily direct you to these and a multitude of other plazas in the “Old Madrid” area.,Find more accommodations in the “Old Madrid” area here. From apartment to hostels to hotels, Booking.com has a variety of places to stay in Madrid.,Author Bio: Eric D. Goodman is a full-time writer and editor who loves to travel.  His novel in stories, Tracks, was published by Atticus Books and won the 2012 Gold Medal for Best Fiction in the Mid-Atlantic Region from the Independent Publishers Book Awards. He’s also the author of the childrens’ book, Flightless Goose.  Eric’s work has appeared in The Baltimore Review, Pedestal Magazine, Writers Weekly, The Potomac, Barrelhouse, JMWW, Scribble, Slow Trains and New Lines from the Old Line State: An Anthology of Maryland Writers, among others. Visit Eric on Facebook, Twitter, and at his literary blog, Writeful. Learn more about Eric and his writing at www.EricDGoodman.com.,The city of Xanten, in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, boasts a colorful Old Town and a fascinating archaeological park. Here’s why it is a popular destination for Germans.,The city of Xanten, in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, near the border of the Netherlands, is well known among German people.  It plays a part in the Saga of the Nibelungs as the home country of the brave hero Siegfried.  And, of course, the city has a museum about Siegfried.,The city’s special history might be boring in comparison to the historical places of Italy, but, still, it has a great significance for archaeology and our understanding of the Roman Empire. Next to Xanten’s Old Town, there is an old Roman city. Parts of it were reconstructed and are now used for tourism.,Planning a trip to Germany? Then make sure you know the basics of German and check out Babbel. From beginner to fluent in a matter of weeks, plan the language courses to fit your schedule here.,My first trip to Xanten happened in the late summer of 2015. I got accepted for a project called Internationale Archäologische Sommerakademie Xanten. Students from all over the world participated for four weeks in an archaeological excavation and lived in a reconstructed Roman hostel.  ,The hostel consisted of a ground floor and a first floor. On the ground floor, there were dining rooms, a kitchen, the apartment of the owner and a festival hall. There were the guests’ dormitories on the first floor, with two to five beds. Modern additions included bathrooms and a big kitchen upstairs. Attached to the hostel were a small bath and a Roman latrine.,It is not necessary to be a student of classical archaeology to be accepted for the project.  I met students of art history, history in general, Latin philology and geology. I was studying Egyptology. In total they had two campaigns for 15 students each.,The Romans built a military camp around 13-12 B.C. Supply craftsmen and prostitutes came as well, as did some family members of the soldiers. Some time went by and the small village grew bigger. Around 100 A.D. the Roman emperor Trajan transformed the small village into a city.,The old settlement was destroyed and in the same area they built the new city. Since then it was the Colonia Ulpia Traiana, known as CUT.,Today the CUT is a huge archaeological site. Most of the insulae are not excavated to preserve the remaining for future archaeologists. An insula is a square of a Roman city on which residents or administrative buildings are built, similar to a modern house block.,In the APX (Archäologischer Park Xanten)  they spend a good amount of energy to re-create parts of the CUT, like the Basilica, the artisan district, the arena and small parts of the city wall. The reconstructions are very detailed and also show certain parts of the architecture, which are crucial for understanding.,They also created a model of the city that is displayed all around the Roman city area and as well in the museum. The insulae are just idealized patterns, but the main buildings, like the Basilica, the city bath and the temples are based on what the archaeologists have found. In the former Basilica they placed a museum about the settlement.,The main baths are attached to the museum. Visitors enter them through the museum. The reconstruction of the baths is made of steel and covered with glass; with that they reshape the architecture, but still leave space for the ancient architecture.,As beautiful as these huge, representative buildings are, I fell in love with the reconstructed quarter at the port gate, the artisans district. The hostel is located there, together with a tavern, a restaurant placed in the rooms of the ancient dining rooms, workshops and residential buildings of the craftsmen with backyards, where the slaves lived or little gardens were set up to feed the family.,In this small area it is easy to imagine how the Romans lived and what their daily life looked like. In the museum this imagination is brought to life with short movie clips over the displayed model.,If you visit during the summer, there are re-enactors in the CUT for some weekends and they will show how Roman crafting is done, how the Romans dressed and produced the fabrics and what they ate.  I lived in the hostel for four weeks and it is still one of my favorite memories and the CUT one of my favorite spots on earth.,From the CUT it is a short walk to the old town. This city is part of the St. James Way, the Camino de Santiago. The pilgrimage is based on the medieval trading route, which in turn is based on the ancient road attached to the limes.,The medieval city was religious, because the Cathedral, a smaller one though, was built on top of the suspected graves of the martyr Victor of Xanten. Attached to that is a museum and a school for priests.,During the medieval times and the renaissance Xanten remained an important pilgrimage center. As the people of the city began to use stone for their houses they used the ancient Roman city as a quarry, even started digging for more stones, as there were no more stones on the surface to be found.,The architecture of the old town is highly influenced by the Netherlands, because the city is very near the Netherlands and once was a more or less important trading market to Germany. The old town consists of scenic streets and it has unique stores.,If you are looking for accommodations I can recommend one of the three apartments within the Klever Tor. You can also book the house in the old town, facing the city wall and near the Mill of Kriemhild.,This Mill is attached to the city wall and produces its own bread. Or are you more interested in the apartment next to the cathedral? There are plenty of opportunities in the old town and around the whole city. The easiest way to book your own apartment or condo stay is through VRBO. You can find every spot available in the city here.,The cheaper one though is the German youth hostel at the lake of Xanten. The lake offers several beaches, for one you have to pay an entrance fee, but the others are free. There is a boat hire business as well and a walk around the lake will show you more traces that were left by the Romans. If you want to try every restaurant and bistro in the town it will take you around three weeks.,Author’s Bio: Toni Löschner has studied Egyptology, has worked in museums and is currently working in the field of Archaeology. She has loved creative writing since she was 9 and has written nearly 100 short stories and five novels. With her boyfriend Rob Schmidt, she loves to travel, and they enjoy going on short trips. They started a travel blog, Take Your Shoes Off, in the summer of 2020. See @adventuregirl_31.,Xanten is a wonderful place, stayed there in 1966 as part of a youth exchange scheme with Durham County Council. One of the Leaders. The boys stayed in the hotel the girls in the convent. Saw the World Cup on German TV when Britain beat the Germans at Football. Pity tours don’t seem to visit.,The iconic metropolis of Manhattan hosts some of the best places to visit in New York, from Central Park to Times Square. Here is what you need to see when you only have three days to explore Manhattan.,New York’s Manhattan is a city steeped in romanticism. Buzzing with 4 million people on an island of just 23 square miles. Its jagged skyline of skyscrapers stretches into the clouds, the buildings’ reflections gleam in the water surrounding them. With scenes so familiar to you, even if you’ve never been. Glimpsing the reality of life in this iconic metropolis won’t be forgotten.,Our one-hour bus trip from Newark Airport to the island of Manhattan was a quick lesson about driving in New York City. It entails a lot of beeping and confidently driving into the smallest of spaces.,Which is why we weren’t surprised when our bus collided into the wing mirror of a parked bus. The other driver yelling and waving his arms. “Hey man, what ya doing man?”,After 20 minutes of arguing, our driver announced he was calling the police because the other driver wouldn’t give his details. Luckily, we were only 10 blocks from our hotel and decided to walk the rest of the way, through the chilly night air. ,Walking is just one of the ways to get around the city. From the subway, to buses, regular and sightseeing, Uber’s and taxis.,The walk to our hotel conveniently brought us past Times Square. There is no better time to see it than at night. It’s nothing but shops and screens vying for attention, but there’s a real feeling of excitement among the hordes of people., The bright lights glow against the darkness, like being a reptile under heat lamps, absorbing it all. Watching the crowds crane their necks in wonder as they take photos could entertain for hours. ,After our adventure from the night before, we planned to spend the day relaxing in Central Park. Walking towards it, we found ourselves surrounded by designer shops with kooky and creative window displays. The sparkle from Tiffany enticed us in.,We certainly couldn’t afford anything but it was nice to pretend. Shoppers are spoiled for choice from designer stores to more every-day brands. If you’re a shopper your purse will be a lot lighter coming home.,Reaching Central Park, you are immersed in greenery. Feeling so far away from the buzz and yet surrounded by impossibly narrow skyscrapers, strewn below the sky like broken shards of glass.,My husband and I strolled halfway through the park, listening to the melodic sounds of a saxophone, glancing at the stalls of paintings and watching the ice skaters glide smoothly across the ice. Central Park is just one of a number of parks in Manhattan. Watching the rest of the world rush by in one of these oases is just as relaxing as lying on a beach. ,Another oasis on the city’s West Side is the High Line, an old freight rail line renovated as a lovely elevated park and walkway, with benches, artwork and the city rushing below your feet.,The snow fluttered down on us as we carefully tried not to slip on the wooden walkway. Wardens on bikes went by informing us the park would be closing due to the bad weather. We kept battling the elements, enjoying the view until being ushered out the nearest exit.,One World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan has taken the title of the tallest building in New York and the Western Hemisphere. At 120 floors up with the threat of snow, we were disappointed to be engulfed in clouds. The white wisps passed fleetingly to give a glimpse of the skyscrapers below, making me feel like Godzilla.,Coming down from our trip in the clouds, we visited the 9/11 Memorial & Museum, a stone’s throw from the One World Trade Center. Two gaping squares in the ground mark where the original twin towers stood, with water flowing into the abyss’ twin pools from every side.,The nearly 3,000 names of those killed in the attack are engraved in bronze parapets surrounding the pools. The memorial gives an idea of the scale of the tragedy; however, we thought the museum lacks the personal touch, focusing more on the buildings than to the many victims. ,The American Museum of Natural History was a better choice. The maze of rooms leads you through space, ancient Egyptians, extinct animals and dinosaurs. The crowds and noise, however, made it difficult to enjoy the exhibits at times.,There are a number of reasonably priced food halls around the city with a variety of choices from burgers to burritos. ,Urbanspace, just behind Grand Central Terminal, has a rustic, bohemian vibe with its scuffed floor and wooden stalls. We had our first breakfast here, sitting down in the seating area of long wooden benches with our fluffy pancakes.,The bread and pastry were the culinary highlights of the trip. The pancakes and French toast were some of the nicest I’ve had. Soft and fluffy they didn’t need any sauce, but I couldn’t resist slathering them in maple syrup. ,The Chelsea Market is another food hall offering an industrial feel, not surprising since it’s in an old butcher and biscuit factory. The market with its exposed pipes and black floor is a warren of shops, reminding me of Camden Market in London. It provides everything from trinkets to coffee and street food.,The best places to eat are the NYC street food establishments. They are reasonably priced, delicious and multi-cultural. The 99-cent pizza slices are one of the best food buys simple, yet tasty and filling. ,Along with the street food, the best thing to eat in New York is a cookie from Levain Bakery. I did extensive research to find the best place and decided this was the one. The warm, freshly made cookies are soft and gooey. As I savoured the last bite of my sweet-smelling treat, I regretted only getting one.,We picked only four tourist sites, leaving time to stroll through the streets. We felt like we were in a movie as we randomly walked through different neighborhoods.,Staying inside the bubble of Manhattan is a mistake. New York is made up of more than Manhattan. There’s Queens, the Bronx, Brooklyn and Staten Island, all with plenty to do and with their own distinct atmosphere. The Staten Island ferry is free, and you get views of the city and the Statue of Liberty.,As we sat in our hotel waiting for our airport shuttle, my husband and I started to imagine spending a year here, going so far as to check the price of apartments (don’t even ask). While Manhattan has more to it than the movies, its charm doesn’t disappoint.,Ready to explore the big city and see more of Manhattan? Find everything you need like hotel or VRBO options, best NYC restaurants and favorite local city spots through Travelocity and TripAdvisor. When you’re ready to book, you can find exclusive flight deals and ground transportation on Kiwi.,Author’s Bio: Rebecca Boyle lives in Northern Ireland so she likes to go somewhere sunny as much as possible. She is a journalist and trained chef who convinces her husband to travel instead of decorate the house.,Temples, towers, night markets and restaurants draw tourists to this bustling port city.,It seems a fitting entrance, approaching a city with such a rich maritime history by ship. From the top deck of the Silver Whisper cruise ship, Kaohsiung, Taiwan’s second-largest city, materializes from the early morning mist.,First the landmark 85-story Tuntex Sky Tower rears its head above the clouds. Then,  quickly, cliffs loom at the ship’s sides, wind-whipped black sand beaches seem within reaching distance and the cruise liner passes through a tiny harbor mouth into a bustling port, where tankers, freighters and battleships line up in neat rows.,Home to the Taiwanese navy as well as light and heavy manufacturing, Kaohsiung grew with Japanese industrial know-how from a tiny fishing village to Taiwan’s second-busiest port. Ships of all sizes chug up and down orderly shipping channels, like lanes in an Olympic-size swimming pool, squeezed between the mainland and the slim, picturesque island of Cijin.,It’s not just sailors and fishermen who have traditionally called Kaohsiung home. The region has always been popular with pilgrims traveling to its many Confucius, Taoist and Buddhist temples, and now sun worshippers are heading to Kenting National Park, south of the city. The development of a high-speed train from the capital Taipei has cut travel time from five hours to 90 minutes, allowing Kaohsiung the chance of a tourism renaissance.,As the ship is nudged into position by tugs, tiny ferries flitter across the harbor to Cijin Island. Acting as a natural breakwater for the port, Cijin has a completely different feel from the rest of Kaohsiung, more like a wafer-thin seaside retreat, with low-rise homes and waterside promenades.,Visitors looking to escape the city madness can take ferries from the romantically named Love and Glory piers on the Love River, which spills into the harbor, or opt for  the less romantic route through the harbor tunnel. They can dine at seafood restaurants, take evening walks to the Cihou Lighthouse at the harbor’s entrance, ride in the island’s iconic three-wheel pedicabs, or visit the 300-year-old Tien Hou Temple, dedicated to the Goddess of the Sea.,Temples play an important role in the life of Kaohsiung – not surprising, with the superstitious nature of the seafarers who have called the region home for hundreds of years. The Lotus Pond is a man-made lake named for its abundance of summer time blooms, nestled between Guei (Turtle Mountain) to the south and Banping (Half-Screen Mountain) to the north. On its banks, the Wen Temple dates back to 1686 and remains a popular first stop for visitors ambling along the lake’s western shoreline, which is dotted with temples, shrines, parks and religious schools. A new poetry walk celebrates the city’s literary history, with 15 pieces, all written in traditional Chinese by local poets, inscribed on tablets along the shore front.,At the Wen Temple, tourists from Asia and beyond retreat from the heat to the shade of the entrance courtyard, a sugar cane vendor working flat out at his crusher trying to quench their thirsts. The air reeks of sweet incense mixed with fresh sugar cane and the hint of durians at nearby market stalls.,In contrast to the Wen Temple’s ancient timber columns, incense clouds and worn stone stairs, the twin Dragon and Tiger Pagodas, located directly across the street, look like a mythical amusement park.,Throngs of tourists saunter down zig-zag pathways, raised on stilts above the lake, before climbing into the yawning mouth of a massive turquoise dragon, sprawled on the pier, its lips bright red and its mane pure white. The “insides” of the concrete dragon are decorated with colorful murals of heaven and hell, and as visitors emerge into the light at the other end, they scale one of two seven-leveled, octagonal pagodas (few climb both), which offer expansive views across the lake. Then it’s reverse through a comical tiger, equally as big as its dragon brother, to emerge from a mouth of sharp teeth.,The flow in through the dragon and out through the tiger symbolizes turning bad luck to good, and proves as popular with smiling grandparents as it is with squealing kids, whose yelps echo off the concrete bowels of the mythical beasts. The contrast between the pagodas and the historic Wen Temple is extreme, making these the two most popular shrines on the shoreline.,Farther down the lakefront and reached by a bridge, the Spring and Autumn Pavilions float out closer to the center of the lake, while beyond, celestial Emperor Bei Ji Zi Wei glares down at tourists in all his warrior regalia. The lakeside road is as busy at night, when the pagodas, dragons, tigers and emperors are lit up, as it is during the day.,At the end of the Lotus Pond, the massive New Confucius Temple was finished in 1976 and is modeled on the temple at Qufu in China’s Shandong Province, the home of Confucius, although the main building at the center of the complex resembles the Forbidden City’s Taihe Hall. Compared to the Wan Temple and the cartoon-like dragon and tiger, Confucius’ temple is stark in its simplicity; the hall is nearly empty and surrounded by a massive, courtyard which lies bare except for signs on the walls telling of Confucius’ teaching and the temple’s construction.,A more contemporary side to Kaohsiung can be found in the city’s Central Park, also known as Rotary Park. Here, nine local artists have collaborated on a project themed on light. Urban Spotlight is a rejuvenated corner of the park, a tree-lined walk punctuated by innovative light exhibits. As the sun hangs low in the sky, families stroll past the light art and take breaks at an open air café, while other people stream from the entrance of the park’s Mass Rapid Transit station – itself a brilliantly lit and imaginative design – searching for dinner.,Kaohsiung comes alive at night, with cultural performance spaces, restaurants (this is Taiwan after all, famous for its food) and a series of bustling night markets. Travelers to the city can follow their taste buds to the Gwanghua Tourist Night Market, in Lingya district, which has been in operation for almost 30 years and offers more than 100 food stalls serving some of Kaohsiung’s delicacies, including bean curd jelly and milkfish congee. Here the air is alive with calls from waitresses to open kitchens filled with cooks and hot woks and the aromas of Taiwan’s pan-Chinese cuisine. A newer night market, next to the General Post Office, specializes in fashion and locally produced jewelery.,When the Silver Whisper leaves Kaohsiung as quietly as it arrived, the harbor is still busy in the inky darkness of night, as fleets of noisy flood-lit fishing boats depart for a night’s angling. Fishermen wave from decks awash with nets and ropes, while paparazzi-like crowds gather to bid farewell to the ship, from Cijin’s Cihou Lighthouse and from Syongihen North Gate, which stands at the lip of the harbor. As the ship turns south, the harbor’s tiny entrance quickly vanishes into the night, and a city waits to be discovered by a host of new travelers.,If You Go,Kaohsiung Travel Online,khh.travel/en/,Kaohsiung Tourist Office,www.kcg.gov.tw/english/,Silversea Cruises,silversea.com, , ,Skip the crowds at more-popular places in France and discover the delights of these small towns that tourists might miss,Amiens, Poitiers and La Rochelle are three French towns with something uniquely special to offer, yet often missed by tourists en route to better-known destinations.,This means you won’t find crowds of tourists when you visit, but you will find a memorable French experience in each of these vibrant destinations.,Pause a moment and vicariously explore these top three cities in France: Amiens with its UNESCO-listed Basilica, which celebrates its 800th anniversary in 2020; Poitiers, a town of Romanesque architecture and a history to match; and La Rochelle, an old port with its three defensive towers and arcaded streets leftover from its maritime trading past.,Presiding over the city, Amiens Cathedral is the tallest and largest Gothic Basilica of its kind in France, with resplendent carvings on the façade, a triple portal and a double row of flying buttresses to support the medieval tower. You can just imagine those early masons trying to reach the heavens as they built the tallest complete cathedral in France.,The lofty central nave towers 42 meters (138 feet) above, drawing the eye to the apse with its vibrant stained glass. One of the best times to appreciate this monstrous cathedral in Amiens is at a Son et Lumiere (Sound and Light) show during the summer and at Christmas. The beige stone is covered in bright lights – a reminder that originally much of the cathedral would have been covered in paintings and frescoes.,For those less enamored by religious architecture, Amiens offers plenty more things to see and do. Visit the “House with the Tower,” an opulent 19th-century mansion where celebrated novelist Jules Verne lived and wrote many of his novels.,He combined a clear love of travel with science fiction as he penned some of the most widely translated books in the world, such as “Journey to the Center of the Earth,” “Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea,” and “Around the World in Eighty Days.”,Spread over four floors from basement to attic, the Maison de Jules Verne displays more than 700 objects that reveal his personality, inspiration, lifestyle and memories. Prepare to come face-to-face with Captain Nemo, Phineas Fogg, and many other Jules Verne heroes.,The hortillonages of Amiens are floating gardens on tiny islands surrounded by a 65 km (40 miles) network of canals between the Somme and Avre rivers. Take a ride in a flat-bottomed boat and be transported gently through a breathtaking riot of colorful gardens, weeping willows and romantic bridges.,Another treat is the Saturday Water Market when the hortillons (market gardeners) sail their boats to Place Parmentier in the pretty Saint-Leu district to sell their flowers and produce.,Gourmands will delight in Picardie foods from Amiens including Pate de Canard de Amiens (duck pate in pastry), Ficelles Picarde (cheesy crêpes), melt-in-the-mouth macarons and rich Gateau Battu (beaten cake).,Deserving capital of the Vienne department in Nouvelle Aquitaine, Poitiers has been welcoming travelers since Roman times. Once known as Limonium, its wealthy status left numerous magnificent sights, including the Palace of Justice with its Roman foundations. Formerly the Palace of the Dukes of Aquitaine, it was used as a court of justice and is currently undergoing renovation.,Like many French cities, Poitiers has a skyline littered with church spires. Avid music lovers will be intrigued by the fact it has the third most organs of any French city after Paris and Toulouse. The 12th century Notre Dame la Grande de Poitiers is a tribute to the High Romanesque architecture that this lovely city is known for. Intricate friezes and frescoes are interspersed with carved pillars. Don’t miss Our Lady of the Keys statue with its interesting legend.,Verdant Blossac Park is worth a visit, and the 15th-century Hôtel Fumé, a Gothic showcase of carvings, mosaics, battlements and mullioned windows, is best seen on a guided tour.,In sharp contrast to all its historic architecture, Poitiers is also home to Futuroscope, a theme park of heart-thumping rides, a high-tech time machine and magical journeys to spark the imagination of any young visitor.,Before you leave, sample some of the local delicacies of Poitiers, including the tangy Chabichou PDO goat cheese which is often used in Tourteau Fromage cheesecake. Try the herby Farci Poitevin green paté spread on crusty French baguettes, perhaps washed down with a glass of refermented Les Pirates du Clain beer, a strong artisanal brew.,Still in the region of Nouvelle Aquitaine, head west to the Atlantic coast for a final treat. The old port city of La Rochelle with its three landmark medieval towers are a reminder that this was once an important port in need of heavy defense.,Local seafood and oysters are a must in La Rochelle, caught fresh and served with delicious simplicity, as French chefs do so well. Historic fishing cabins (carrelets) on short stilted piers line the seashore, and fishing is still done in the traditional way by casting square nets into the tide before winching in the catch.,Head into the old St. Nicolas fishing district to find streets lined with arcades. Once used by maritime traders, the arcades have been re-purposed as small cafes and studios in this Bohemian artistic quarter. Still on a maritime theme, visit the Aquarium and the fascinating Maritime Museum or take a trip along the coast on a high-powered speed boat or catamaran at sunset.,Leaving the port behind, the city of La Rochelle has its own cultural attractions. By far the finest building is the medieval Hotel de Ville, the oldest Town Hall in France dating to 1298. Damaged by fire in 2013, it has been sensitively restored to its former glory with its Staircase of Honor, Gallery of Statues, Feast Hall and Grand Portal topped by the Coat of Arms of La Rochelle, aptly featuring a grand schooner.,History, architecture, floral abundance and local cuisine are all offered in these three historic French cities. Skip the crowds at more popular destinations and discover the hidden delights in these overlooked French destinations. You could be in for a pleasant surprise.,Information on Amiens,Information on La Rochelle,Information on Poitiers,Editor’s Note: This post was brought to you by France Tourism as part of their Top French Cities campaign. ,Those who climb the world’s “coolest” volcano are few and far between. This is adventure travel in a whole new light.,I tackled the coolest volcano on earth. Ol Doinyo Lengai perches on the edge of Tanzania‘s Rift Valley. The name in Maasai means the “home of God.” It’s the only volcano in the world exuding snowy natrocarbonatite, a highly fluid lava at a mere 950 degrees Fahrenheit. That’s half the temperature of the molten basalt ejected by all other active volcanoes.,My reason for climbing Ol Doinyo Lengai wasn’t because it might just melt off my shoe instead of a whole foot. I climbed it because it was the only active volcano in Tanzania and way off the battered tourist track. It is located in the boondocks almost equidistant from its famous neighbors: Mount Kilimanjaro, Ngorongoro Crater and Serengeti National Parks.,Ol Doinyo Lengai erupts sporadically, sending small streams of gray lava down the crater rim and spitting hot ash high into the air. This “frigid” volcano rests on Lake Natron’s southern edge, a vital East African flamingo breeding site extending towards Kenya. Imagine 100,000 flamingoes filling a lake extending 34 by 15 miles (56 by 24 km).,From Arusha, the nearest town, it took a full day of bouncing on dusty roads through Maasai Land past ostrich, zebra, giraffe and the occasional unseen lion to get near Ol Doinyo Lengai. Onlookers sprouted spears and arrows. The Maasai men mostly wore scarlet and red plaid and were adorned with ivory hair combs and a menagerie of earrings.,The Maasai women were easily out-pierced First World youngsters, sporting etched cheeks, copious waterfalls of beaded earrings with 10 appliances cascading from each ear with little silver disks on the ends, countless bracelets, medallions and necklaces and dressed in bright pink, orange, red or blue, except those ominously dressed in black.,Black is worn only by recently circumcised adolescents, male and female alike. Though circumcision is banned by the Tanzanian government, it’s still widely practiced among the Maasai because no one is available to enforce the law.,I spent the evening taking pictures of smiling waifs with spools the size of corncobs pushed through lower ears and bolts Munster-like through the tops because they too would someday soon be fashionably ear-ringed in cascades of colorful beads.,The little ones tended snowy goats with suckling kids inside the thorn-tree strewn perimeter of the family boma (a mud-covered hut). Their elders supervised herds of cattle, representing the ultimate in Maasai prestige and wealth. They were tough as leather cows with every rib showing.,I sat in on a command-decision pow-wow held by the local Maasai chief. They settled which acreage of land would be held in reserve for cattle grazing during the coming dry season. The meeting adjourned with nothing to do but quaff a beer in contemplation of reaching the top of Ol Doinyo Lengai, one of the steepest climbs on earth. Its walls jut 2,000 meters (6,600 feet; the summit peak is approximately 9,680 feet/2,950 m) straight up.,Cool Ol Doinyo Lengai sits two degrees south of the equator, which is to say it’s hot. The modus operandi for climbing is to begin shortly after midnight, arrive atop at dawn, meander inside the crater, and then scoot back down before evaporating in the blazing African sun. It’s an exceedingly good idea, but not for the reason given.,After two hours of sleep, we eventually set off at 1 a.m. — two Swedish jocks, me and a local guide. It became immediately certain the flashlights wouldn’t last for the hours required to climb. We followed two small groups whose lights dimmed in lockstep with our own.,Below the top, we’d been stumbling in darkness before we paused near a toasty sulphur vent. We napped for an hour to avoid challenging the icy wind raging over the crater just above our heads. One of the other groups hunkered down with us. They were uniformly silent except for a slight-figured sandy-haired chap with an English accent moaning about the freezing cold and why they’d ever decided to climb “this (expletive) volcano.”,It was worse on the way down. That’s when we found out the real reason for setting out in the dark. If we could have seen what we were climbing, we wouldn’t have gone. Ol Doinyo Lengai is cut by rivers that allow a single-way straight up with no switchbacks to break the grade.,We began at a 25-degree pitch and ended summiting at about 40 degrees, four hours seemingly straight up from the trailhead over 5,000 feet (1,500 meters). It was slo-mo climbing agony levering knee to chest, knee to chest, again and step again. There was silent sympathy with the morose complaint from the next group about why they’d even considered climbing the world’s coolest volcano. Any overbalance on the way up would have avalanched us all the way down. Unthinkable.,The icy hurricane mellowed at sunrise, allowing us to clamber down into the powdery plain of the crater to face the wind. There was one of the most exotic sights anywhere: a moonscape of continuous eruptions, pointy vents burbling with red-white lava, flows like brilliant orange water under the surface, around and near our feet. We stepped gingerly and carefully, sinking into powder, testing recent flows for solidity in the heavy fog, the cloud that often obscures Ol Doinyo Lengai’s primordial top. We shivered and shook, posing in front of 33-foot (10 m) cones burbling lava and venting sulphur in towers above our heads. Several vents emitted strange vibrations, an omen I finally decided meant we should start down. With unanimity we shakily did.,The cloud lifted 15 minutes into our scamper down, but no one had the heart or willing feet to climb back up for photos. We argued about how much we’d have to be paid to make the climb again. Someone jested, saying in the neighborhood of a billion Tanzanian shillings, a mere million US dollars.,Halfway down I posed the group for photos with the brilliantly green Rift Valley spread out below. Two hours later we were back in camp, aching to sleep the rest of the day and night through. We were thankful to have survived baptism by fire atop the coolest volcano on earth.,“Costs are about US$ 100 a day, per person, which includes a tour of Lake Natron. Tours generally start from Arusha, about 75 miles (120 km) northwest of the mountain.”
Hello, I was wondering what companies charge this kind of price, the prices online are all around €800 and we are students! Thank you!,With exciting markets, spectacular views, rich history and captivating museums to visit, Philadelphia offers endless fun. Here are some of the best sights to see in the City of Brotherly Love.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Philadelphia, the largest city in Pennsylvania, is the birthplace of American democracy. Replete with colonial history, rich in art and culture, the City of Brotherly Love is an ideal tourist destination.,Spring, early summer and fall would be the optimal time to visit with perfect weather, parks filled with cherry blossoms and lesser crowds.,Combine it with a trip into the surrounding countryside for a splendid vacation. ,Philadelphia was founded by William Penn, a Quaker, after he reached North America in 1682 and established the colony of Pennsylvania. Penn’s aim was to set up a peaceful community free of persecution based on Quaker ideals.,His city planning ideas of a grid pattern with public squares in each quadrant became the basis of many future American cities. Our hotel faced Rittenhouse Square, one of the four green spaces designed by Penn about 350 years ago. ,Interestingly enough, the first change to Penn’s plan was brought about by the construction of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in 1917 when Paul Philippe Cret and Jacques Greber began creating the tree lined boulevard following the City Beautiful movement, rooted in the Beaux Arts style of France.,And so I enjoyed the distinctive Parisian feel of walking on the Champs Elysees as I and my husband ambled along the parkway on a lovely Spring morning. We crossed sculptural fountains, monuments and Beaux Arts styled buildings as we strolled along the leafy path.,The Free Library of Philadelphia, built in the French Louis XV classical style of buildings along the Place de la Concorde in Paris was worth gawking at. ,We were headed towards Philadelphia City Hall, a sumptuously glorious marvel, reminiscent of a wedding cake that can stop you in your tracks. Built from white marble, brick and limestone, it is the world’s largest free standing masonry building.,The French Second Empire Baroque styled building with around 700 rooms that occupies the center of Penn’s city plan of 1682, also used to be the world’s tallest structure upon its completion in 1894.    ,Upon reaching, we followed other visitors and looked upwards to get a glimpse of Penn’s bronze statue adorning the apex of the clock tower.,Sculptures are aplenty at City Hall, more than 250 to be exact and all built by Alexander Milne Calder, the grandfather of the famed 20th century sculptor, Alexander Calder.,Looking skywards, I noticed four gigantic bronze sculptures and four huge bronze eagles decorating the four corners of the building facade.,The base of the building is constructed out of solid granite, and standing in that cavernous space with colossal columns bedecked with heavily carved capitals made me think of the insides of Egyptian pyramids that I had seen in many films and documentaries. Check out tours here. ,Begin your exploration at Independence National Historic Park, the prime city landmark which is free to visit. A stroll around the park will take you past notable buildings and monuments, each of which played a part in the founding ideals  of the United States.,The first must stop here is Independence Hall, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In 1776, the Declaration of Independence was signed here by the delegates of the original thirteen colonies and the U. S. Constitution was signed into law here in 1787.,The building itself is a sedate, early 18th century Georgian mansion with a spire that belies its importance as “the birthplace of American Government”. ,Our walk along the beautiful lawns took us past the Old City Hall, the site of the U. S. Supreme Court till 1800; the Museum of American Revolution, where visitors can participate virtually in the historic events of that era; the American Philosophical Society founded by Benjamin Franklin in 1743 and the First and Second Banks of the U. S. ,We entered the National Constitution Center (paid for tickets required), an extremely worthwhile stop where we immersed ourselves into exhibitions and interactive programs about the U. S. Constitution.,The popular Signers’ Hall was delightful as we walked among the life size statues of the Founding Fathers where the exhibit reconstructed the final day of the Constitutional Convention on September 17th, 1787. ,Another iconic monument to visit in the park is the Liberty Bell, known as the symbol of American independence.,The Liberty Bell Center’s magnificently modern, glass walled building overlooking Independence Hall, provides the perfect backdrop for the display of the distinctly cracked historic bell that was once atop the Hall.,As noted in the Visit Philadelphia website, the bell that was rung at the first reading of the Declaration of Independence was “adopted as the symbol of freedom by abolitionists, suffragists and other groups.” ,About a 10 minute walk from the Liberty Bell Center, is the Betsy Ross House, which elaborates on the history of the first American flag.,Betsy Ross, born Elizabeth Griscom in 1752 is considered to be its designer. Considered, because the proof lies in the oral history provided by her family members. Nevertheless, historians agree that she might have designed the Stars and Stripes because she designed flags for over 50 years. ,A Philadelphia visit is incomplete without an experience of its iconic Love sculpture. To see this, you have to go to the John F. Kennedy Plaza, famously called the LOVE Park near the City Hall.,Created by sculptor Robert Indiana in 1964 first as a painting, he built it in aluminum to display it as a part of U. S. Bicentennial celebrations in Philadelphia in 1976.,The sculpture started out in dashing red, blue and green colors, but the color scheme was later changed to red, green and purple, the original colors used by Indiana and discovered through archival photographs. ,Not too far away from the LOVE Park is the Sister Cities Park where we viewed the AMOR sculpture, also built by Robert Indiana and placed there in 2016.,The sculpture, meaning love in Spanish and Latin, commemorated the historic trip of Pope Francis to Philadelphia in 2015 and originally graced the iconic steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. ,Philadelphia is home to world class museums that range from the amazing to the eccentric. For a first time visitor or a returning tourist, a trip to the Philadelphia Museum of Art is a must.,The imposing building  rose loftily on the horizon as we approached it via Benjamin Franklin Parkway. As the third largest art museum in the country, it holds an exceptional collection in more than 200 galleries.,There are eight departments showcasing American masters, European art, furniture and textiles, South Asian art and more. ,Some main draws – the most extensive collection of works by the French painter Marcel Duchamp, the collection of sculptures by Constantin Brancusi, the best outside of Europe, a wonderful compendium of works by self taught artists and important creations by Black, Indigenous, Latin American, Shaker and Pennsylvania Dutch artists that celebrate Philadelphia. And lastly, once you have completed your visit, click a selfie on the famous Rocky steps. ,The renovations done by star architect Frank Gehry which was opened to the public last year, has transformed the gargantuan interiors, bringing in lots more public space and improving accessibility while preserving the original iconic architecture.,Along the Franklin Parkway is also the diminutive but impressive Rodin Museum, with the largest collection outside France, of sculptures by Francois Auguste Rene Rodin (1840-1917), often considered to be a pioneer of modern sculpture.,The museum was conceived by Jules E. Mastbaum, a prolific collector of Rodin sculptures, marbles and drawings who fell in love with the artist’s works during his Paris visit in 1924.,Sadly, Mastbaum died early and the museum was constructed and opened in 1924 under the guidance of his wife and daughters.,Next door is the Barnes Foundation, founded by art collector Albert C. Barnes (1872-1951) in 1922. Barnes was a visionary and a champion of social justice who forever changed the way of looking at and experiencing art.,The museum displays his collection strictly according to his specifications and so you will see a Picasso or a Matisse exhibited alongside everyday items and artworks by unknown artists. ,The African American Museum in Philadelphia at 7th and Arch Street and established in 1976 on the occasion of the U. S. Bicentennial, is a Smithsonian affiliate.,It is the first museum in the country dedicated to celebrate, interpret and preserve African American culture and heritage which is elaborated through impressive and rotating exhibits.,The Mütter Museum of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia can be considered an off the beaten track attraction.,Its spectacular collection of items are related to medical history, all of which were donated by Thomas Mütter, a Philadelphia physician, right before his death in 1859. And it is not for the faint hearted.,A walk through the exhibits will take you past skeletal forms, abnormal organs and body parts preserved in fluids and many other medical peculiarities and absurdities. But you will also be enamored by Marie Curie’s electrometer and other such items.,When hunger hits, head to the Reading Terminal Market at 51 N 12th Street, easily accessible from all tourist spots by public transport or even on foot if you so desire.,Located since 1893 in a former train shed, a National Historic Landmark Building, this indoor marketplace offers a smorgasbord of food items, both cooked and raw, ranging from fresh, local produce, to meat, poultry and seafood to delectable baked goods and confections to cookbooks and kitchen items to flowers. It is also the oldest and the largest public market in the United States. ,Walk through the aisles filling your senses with visual and olfactory delights. While you may certainly decide to eat a meal at one of the many restaurants located here, there is also much to be said if instead you choose to create your own meal as you stop by the infinite number of stalls.,Pizzas, pastas, crepes and pies, cheeses and breads, soups, salads or sushi, Indian, Middle Eastern or Chinese, rows upon rows of baked delights, local Amish fares, and not to forget ice creams and drinks – the choices are endless and mind boggling.,Though beware, the lines can be long at lunchtimes as the market is immensely popular amongst both locals and tourists. ,I was enamored by the varieties of popcorn being sold at Kauffman’s, a Lancaster County stall. Some unusual choices – buttermilk cheddar, banana crunch and toffee touchdown.,The sfogliatelle pastry with its numerous crispy and flaky buttery layers and filled with ricotta cheese and candied lemon as noted on the card at the Termini Brothers bakery stall looked enticing. ,If on the other hand you plan to buy the raw materials to whip up a delectable meal, you can do so too. Though of course I could not buy any as we were staying in a hotel, I loved my walk amongst the aisles of fresh produce capped by a stop at the stalls of fish and seafood. ,Trade in the cityscape and the highways for the bucolic landscape of Pennsylvania Dutch Country, just about an hour’s drive away from Philadelphia.,We headed to Lancaster County, which is home to the Pennsylvania Amish, and is one of the oldest and largest such settlements in the country. Our sojourn took us into Bird-in-Hand and Intercourse, the quaint towns that attract many visitors in the summer season.,A drive through these areas will take you past rolling Amish farmlands and you will most certainly cross the charming black colored horse drawn buggies, which the Amish people ride as they go about town.,Visitors can also ride such buggies for an authentic experience and tour Amish farms and take part in everyday activities such as milking cows or gathering eggs. ,Well known as the “Sweetest Place on Earth”, Hershey, PA is synonymous with the world of chocolate. At about an hour and a half’s driving distance from Philadelphia, a visit to Hershey is another excellent detour.,You can head straightaway to Hershey Park, filled with amusement rides. The park was opened in 1906 by Milton S. Hershey, the founder of the Hershey Chocolate Company, as a leisure getaway for his employees. ,Next door is Hershey’s Chocolate World, where amongst the cornucopia of chocolate based treats and souvenirs, you can also watch chocolate being made. ,If you want to know more about the history behind Hershey, The Hershey Story Museum would be the place to go to. The exhibits highlight the life and legacy of Milton Hershey and his pioneering entrepreneurship in chocolate.  ,A trip into Chester County, PA will take you to the glorious botanical haven of Longwood Gardens, about an hour’s drive away from Philadelphia.,The garden’s history begins in the 1800s when an arboretum was established by Samuel and Joshua Peirce. It was bought in 1906 by Pierre S. du Pont, who further elaborated it into a horticultural showstopper. ,Each season brings in a different form of splendor. Spring and summer are certainly the best time to visit with tulips, azaleas, cherry blossoms, roses and lilies in spectacular bloom.,The dancing, musical fountains, the many indoor and outdoor gardens, the conservatories showcasing orchids, fruits, tropical plants and more make it a premier attraction.,Information on all tourist sites and the latest COVID-19 protocols can be found at: https://www.visitphilly.com/,Start planning your Philadelphia culture-packed trip to the city of Brotherly Love today. Get prepared with insider tips on the best sights, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan even more fun by booking some unique Philadelphia activities, expert-led tours, foodie adventures and skip-the-line tickets through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,For exclusive flight discounts, car rental options and vacation packages, check out CheapOair.,Author Bio: Susmita Sengupta, an architect by background from New York City, loves to travel with her family. Her articles are published in many digital travel magazines including at Go World Travel. ,A traveler discovers the unexpected magic of the Malecón, in the heart of Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,I’ve been told that you can spend from dawn to dusk on the Malecón in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico and never get bored. So on a recent visit, I decided that I was up for the challenge.,Well, maybe not the dawn part – I’m not a morning person – so I had no problem leaving those early hours to the joggers and those seeking an early start to catch their red snapper for dinner.,The Puerto Vallarta Malecón is a 12-block esplanade in Puerto Vallarta, a popular city in Jalisco, Mexico. This 1.5-mile delight provides many different ways to make the hours pass quickly.,Mid-morning: Start at the northern tip. The Hotel Rosita, built in 1948, is steeped in history.,It is the famous locale of the even more famous illicit liaison between Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton during the 1963 filming of The Night of the Iguana.,The resultant publicity put the very sleepy town of Puerto Vallarta on the map, and it became the only Mexican resort destination that grew up organically rather than created for the very purpose of attracting tourists. Take that Cancun and Mazatlan!,Rebuilt as a pedestrian walkway 10 years ago after Hurricane Kenna, much of the Malecón’s old-world charm has been maintained.,Bordered by shops on one side and the Bay of Banderas on the other, I was first struck by the preponderance of unusual brass sculptures that dominate the landscape.,First conglomeration: a boat signifying humans’ desire to search, a whale symbolizing ambition, a combination of a bird/propeller/airplane denoting technological evolution and an obelisk representing time.,There are sculptures everywhere – clowns, mermaids, unicorns, lovers – celebrating relationships, history, Spanish culture, religion, animals and just plain fun.,Chilo, our guide, transfixed us with many stories surrounding each and every creation, but after a while, they tended to flow together, not unlike the waves hitting the shore as we walked.,And brass is not the only source of creative expression. Sand sculptures also abound. Large depictions include a “Welcome to Puerto Vallarta” sign and a graceful Our Lady of Guadalupe, patron saint of the city.,A sand sculpture wishing well was accompanied by the sign: “Your tips are my only salary.”,That combination, I thought, was an interesting double-dipping marketing play. Both the tip jar and the well get coins tossed in them…,Encased in the pavement all around us were free-flowing Indian designs made from small pebbles. Even the tops of sewers provide artistic expression in the form of the town shields built into the stone.,While oohing and ahhing at every sculpture, I came to a whole garden of bronze benches in assorted sizes and shapes, each with a different symbolic, mythical or whimsical meaning.,As enthralling as it was to see and hear, even better was the opportunity to sit and rest.,A quick turn of the head at any point brings you up against colorful assortments of plants, flowers and palm trees running the course of the Malecón. Look up instead and see five men atop a pole, about to perform an ancient Indian religious ritual in which one man plays the flute and drum while the other four descend from above flying in concentric circles, symbolizing the seasons and the cycle of life.,Did I mention they are hanging by one foot upside down?  It looks a little like an amusement park ride, but Chilo explained they train their whole lives for the privilege.,The stores and shops also reflect Indian art. The Tierra Huichol sells animals of every variety and handmade wall hangings of minuscule multi-hued beads.,The Opal Mine not only sells all varieties of the semi-precious stones, but it is set up to replicate the mining operation that produces them.,There’s history of Mexico reflected in every step of the Malecón. Plus, of course, your de rigueur street musicians, painters, balloon makers and food vendors.,Skeletons, a staple of Puerto Vallarta folklore, in assorted attire and assemblages are on every street corner. Yet, I was hard-pressed to even find a T-shirt store.,Unlike most beach boardwalks, the Malecón opts for funky rather than tacky. By this time, I was delighted to imbibe in a refreshing glass of tuba, coconut milk flavored with pecans and apple.,Couldn’t help but think how even better it would be mixed with tequila. But then, isn’t everything? Near the end of the Malecón is a small amphitheater where performers entertain most weekend nights, but more on that later. Now, it’s time for lunch.,The Malecón ends at a large beach, and the hotels lining the street, umbrellas crowding the sand, music blaring from the bars.,The cries of children playing in the waves add a very different character to the far more relaxing and less touristy stroll that got us here. I felt I had left the real Puerto Vallarta behind, but there was a beach bar, and hunger won out. Though not without its challenges.,The cordoned-off beach at our hotel protects its guests from the overly aggressive, ever-optimistic vendors hawking everything from purses to pottery, sombreros to sunglasses, trinkets to toys, jewelry to…hmmm…okay, junk.,Not so at the public beaches of which the Malecón is one. I was at a loss as to how they could come up with so many things to sell – some easily recognizable, others more questionable – and all of it “almost for free!”,Especially ironic are the many vendors selling food items – pastries, grilled fish on a stick, nuts and candies – to people actually sitting at tables and ordering food from the menu.,A poorly thought out coals-to-Newcastle marketing venture, I thought.,Do not make eye contact, and be prepared for some minor whiplash just from shaking your head no.,And do not order that third margarita – no telling what you may end up buying! Be prepared also for the bizarre — there was the woman at the table next to us having her hair braided into multiple strands while eating lunch.,Want some highlights with your hot dog? A little beauty parlor in your dining parlor?  One more reason to love the Malecón. You can, of course, forego the pleasure of eating Mexican food with your toes in the sand and dine off the beach.,You may not hear the waves as well, but you’ll dine in relative quiet. Lunch for two people with two beers will run you about $11 U.S. The entertainment is free. And post my margarita-laden lunch, a siesta on the sand was a perfect way to round out the afternoon.,Be sure to learn a bit of Spanish before you travel. With Babbel, you can learn a language on your time with flexible lesson plans for every level. Find more information on languages and deals here.,So on to the Malecón at night, when yet another whole world emerges. The sun goes down, the lights go up, the crowds pour in – and the good news is they are not just tourists. Or at least not just American tourists.,You’ll find families by the droves with balloons, light rays and ice cream; couples young and old holding hands.,People sitting at the water’s edge gazing at the city skyline off in the distance and multitudes of all ages, sizes and ethnicities dancing to the music at the square, the variety of dance steps as diverse as the people executing them.,The amphitheater is home to entertainers ranging from folklore dancers to Mariachi bands to clowns – or as we were surprised to find ourselves in the middle of, a protest rally against Mexico’s president.,It reminded me a little too much of home. I certainly didn’t have to come to Puerto Vallarta for that!,That’s the thing about the Malecón – it’s unexpected. Sand sculptures are one thing – stone art another. Precariously placed boulders of varying size and shape balanced one upon the other. I had no idea what they meant but the visual was surprisingly impressive.,During the day, your attention is on the permanent appeal of the Malecón, shops and gardens and sculptures of various kinds; at night, it’s all noise and moving parts.,At dinner in a second-story restaurant looking down upon the boardwalk, I watched a man in a monkey suit taking pictures with tourists, a violin player, bikers and inline skaters trying to keep from crashing into each other.,Grown-ups wearing outlandish hats made from balloons, as though coming from a toddler’s birthday party, and a sculpture of a bronze man sporting a sombrero and a rifle – until he moved and became a mime instead.,I hardly had time to focus on my margaritas. And then, an unexpected explosion in the sky – fireworks! Who knows why – it’s the Malecón. There doesn’t have to be a reason.,Ready to explore Malecón and the wonders of Puerto Vallarta? Start planning with the help of Omio for planes, trains and ground transportation booking. Then, you can learn more about the area, get hotel or VRBO reservations, see local restaurant reviews and more by checking out TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For more information, visit https://visitpuertovallarta.com.,Author Bio: Fyllis Hockman is a multi-award-winning travel journalist who has been traveling and writing for over 30 years — and is still as eager for the next trip as she was for the first. Her articles appear in newspapers across the country and websites across the internet.,Taste the guava ice cream and marvel at plaza parades, but not without first driving straight up in the air.,My stomach leapt as the compact rental car climbed higher along a road that would have been wide enough had it been a one-lane street. It wasn’t. There were no guardrails in most spots, and in others rickety posts supported wires that looked as if they would snap upon impact.,I stared in disbelief at a pair of preteens riding their bicycles back and forth on a 20 foot-(6 meters)-long stretch of flat road. I reflected on how brave a child would have to be to learn to ride a bike up there, high in the Cordillera Central mountains outside Ponce, Puerto Rico.,“I can’t believe we found this!” my father exclaimed. “The last time I was up here I was 6 years old. I was terrified!” I could see why. Dad had been describing the horrors of this road all my life, and I had assumed the sharpness of the curves and steepness of the hills had been magnified in the retelling over the years. It was every bit as bad as he remembered.,We had taken a wrong turn and wound up on this road twisting into the mountains, but even after we realized we were going the wrong way we continued. Dad had this maniacal grin on his face and I recognized the telltale signs of a man in the grip of a challenge.,I put on a brave face and attempted to admire the lush island greenery, every so often letting out a squeal or gasp as the road dropped suddenly or made a hairpin turn.,I finally had enough when the road headed straight up in the air — or so it seemed. I could hear our little car’s engine straining and I pictured it rolling backward down the hill and off the side of the mountain, arcing through the air like the final image in an action movie chase scene.,I insisted my father turn around in the next somewhat flat driveway that we found. We retraced our path back to the highway, with Dad grumbling that he could have made it to the top. Throughout the entire ride my 7-year-old and 4-year-old sat calmly in the back, playing games and looking up occasionally when I urged them to enjoy the scenery.,My father was excited to be returning to Ponce, the city of his birth, for five entire days. It was the longest he’d spent there since his family had moved to New York City over 50 years before. I was happy my children would be connecting to their grandfather and I’d be experiencing firsthand a place I’d heard about since I was a girl.,The night we arrived we took a stroll around Ponce’s plaza, the heart of the city today just as it was when my father was a child. Dad marveled at how little it had changed and pointed out the shoe store where he’d gotten his first pair of school shoes. We stopped for pictures at the brightly colored Parque de Bombas, a building that once served as the town’s firehouse but is now a tourist attraction.,We continued around the square to Catedral Nuestra Señora de la Guadalupe, checked out the Mass schedule for the next day, then continued on to the magnificent water fountain at the center of the square. The fountain is flanked by lions in honor of Ponce de León, Ponce’s namesake and the first governor of Puerto Rico. We ended up across the street from the plaza at a tiny ice cream shop serving exotic flavors such as guava and tamarind in addition to the predictable chocolate.,The next morning, Dad, the kids and I walked to the cathedral for Mass, just as my father had every Sunday of his youth. The four of us filed in, our shoes tapping on the black and white marble floor, and slid into an empty pew. The cathedral reminded me of an elderly woman who is still so pretty that you know she must have been extraordinarily beautiful in her youth.,The paint was peeling in places and many of the statues and ornaments were covered in plastic while repairs were made on one side of the church, but we could guess at the magnificence of the hidden statues from the ones that remained visible.,Later, we headed to the Castillo Serrallés, a mansion built high on a hill in the 1930s by Juan Eugenio Serrallés, son of Juan Serrallés.,The elder was the founder of Serrallés Distillers, maker of the famous Don Q rum. From the house one can see all of Ponce spreading out to the sea and I imagined that Serrallés must have felt like royalty with his kingdom before him.,My grandfather and great-grandfather both worked at the Serrallés family’s Mercedita sugar refinery, and my father was thrilled at the chance to tour the mansion that had once belonged to his grandpa’s boss. We watched a short film about the Serrallés family’s rum and sugar processing operations, then toured the mansion, which still contains much of the original artwork and furnishings.,One section of the home was devoted to the family businesses, with models, tools and black-and-white pictures on the walls. Dad was delighted to find his grandfather gazing coolly back at him from a photograph of supervisors and managers of the sugar plant.,I think of him posing for that picture with his friends from the other departments, young and handsome, never guessing that one day far in the future his great-great grandchildren would be excited over it.,The next day was our mountain road adventure. After winding our way back down to flat ground and broad avenues, we located our original destination: the Tibes Indigenous Ceremonial Center. The center had been a meeting place for the island’s indigenous people as far back as 25 B.C.  It was abandoned and forgotten for hundreds of years until a hurricane ripped across the region in 1975, causing floods that unearthed native carvings, pottery and human bones.,Today, visitors can wander through the small museum near the entrance to view artifacts that have been discovered here before touring the site. Tours are given in English and Spanish and begin with a short film.,Visitors are then led into the lush, peaceful ceremonial grounds, where they can see how the natives once lived and played.  Typical dwellings of the past have been reconstructed on the site, though our colorful guide Sal informed us that Tibes was more of a community meeting spot for the area’s tribes than a village.,A garden is planted with the crops natives cultivated, and trees and plants that grew naturally in the area are everywhere. The tour ends at the courts where the tribe members played ball games. Archaeological digs are still conducted at Tibes. According to our guide another body had been found just three weeks before our arrival, bringing the count into the upper 180s.,We visited the city’s art museum, Museo de Arte de Ponce, a modern building on the south side of the city, near the University of Puerto Rico – Ponce. I had underestimated the museum and was pleasantly surprised by the scope of its collection, which I learned is the largest in the Caribbean.,I stumbled upon a work by one of my favorite artists, an image that I had seen in countless calendars and poster catalogs: Frederick Lord Leighton’s “Flaming June.” The museum picked it up for $6,000 in the ‘60s when Victorian art was considered unfashionable. The sensuous image of a sleeping woman in a filmy orange gown is  considered by many to be Leighton’s finest work.,My father wanted to hunt down his childhood home on Calle Arena and we drove through the narrow, largely unmarked streets searching among the Easter-egg-colored homes. Many of the houses have fallen into disrepair. When we found the remains of Dad’s grade school, the roof gone, walls crumbling and tree branches reaching out of windows, he began wondering whether his house would still be standing.,Finally, we rounded a corner and there it was — a pretty pink house well kept by current owners and much smaller than Dad remembered.,He reminisced about how, as a preschooler, he had once stood on the porch during Carneval festivities, which occur every year before Lent. A vejigante, or merrymaker dressed in a demonic mask and costume, had climbed up the railing to scare him and his mother had chased the guy off with a broom.,That night there was a parade around the plaza, and we walked  to the corner to watch the high school bands and fire engines pass. Suddenly, a man in a brightly colored satin jumpsuit and scary mask with half a dozen horns sprouting from it spotted us from halfway down the block and ran toward us, waving his arms.,My 4-year-old daughter jumped behind me, clinging to the back of my legs, as my Dad shouted with delight, “It’s a vejigante!” When he reached us, the vejigante gave each of the kids a piece of candy. I smiled as my brave kids accepted the banana toffee.,In years to come, when my father shares his childhood stories with his grandchildren, they’ll be able to picture the drop from the tiny mountain road, feel the fear as the vejigante bears down on the boy standing on the porch of the little pink house and remember the magnificence of the house on the hill, looking out over the city.,If You Go,Welcome to Puerto Rico,www.welcome.topuertorico.org,Let’s Go to Ponce,www.letsgotoponce.com,L.R. Newberry’s family, travel, reading and writing are her passions. Visiting a fun new spot with the hubby and kids in tow and a light novel and her travel journal for down time is her idea of bliss., ,A dramatic past makes this Russian city the perfect setting for a self-guided ghost tour.,It’s the dead of winter and I’m wrapped in fur and peering into the dark waters of Moyka Canal looking for a ghost. Almost 100 years ago, the Siberian mystic Grigori Rasputin, mortally wounded and left for dead, supposedly clung to the support rungs of Petrovsky Bridge before succumbing to the cold and slipping into the icy waters below.,Although my muskrat fur coat is more woolly mammoth than chic, and I can’t really be certain where Rasputin dangled, when you’re on a do-it-yourself tour, you have to rely on your imagination to provide some of the details.,I’m at the midpoint of a self-designed haunted tour of St. Petersburg. Although most people visit the city during the white nights of summer when the streets throng with tourists, shoppers and musicians, when you need to travel for business you can’t always pick your travel dates. So I find myself in St. Petersburg in March.,What else to do besides read epics of passion and tragedy from the Russian revolution? After several long evenings indoors, I decide to investigate the city’s dramatic past and map out a walking tour, complete with warm-up stops.,All are within easy walking distance of St. Petersburg’s historic city center; no matter how fascinating the sights, when the average nighttime temperature is 17 °F (–8 °C), you don’t want to linger outdoors too long.,At sunset, I begin my journey into the gruesome past at Kazansky Bridge on Nevsky Prospekt, the city’s most glamorous street and main thoroughfare. Elegant women hurry past designer shops such as Versace and Hugo Boss, their long fur coats sweeping up clouds of sparkling snow in their wake. Babushkas huddle at the street corner offering scarves and mittens for sale.,Yet, just a few steps away from the bustle, eerie mists swirl over the frozen Griboyedova Canal where, rising like a ghostly blue specter, is my first stop — The Church of Our Savior on Spilled Blood, officially named the Resurrection of Christ Church.,Cheerful turquoise and lime-green domes mask its morbid history. It was built on the spot where Tsar Alexander II was assassinated on March 13, 1881. The church, with its 16th and 17th century Russian-style architecture and detailed mosaics, was built between 1883 and 1907 in the tsar’s memory.,Next stop on my itinerary of murder and mayhem is Mikhailovsky Castle, where one of Tsar Alexander’s ancestors met an equally violent death. Fearful of disloyal subjects, Tsar Paul I, successor to Catherine the Great, fortified his castle with moats and underground passages,But on March 23, 1801, a group conspiring to depose him from the throne entered the castle, found the tsar hiding behind a screen in his chamber, and assassinated him in his own bed. He didn’t even have an opportunity to use one of his secret underground passageways.,I trace his intended escape route across Nizhne Lebyazhiy Bridge to the Field of Mars. Commemorating the Roman god of war, the park is hidden behind greenery in summer. In winter, the St. Petersburg Eternal Flame is a focal point for pedestrians who huddle around it for warmth.,Erected in 1957, the fire burns in remembrance of St. Petersburg victims of wars and revolutions. It is believed that more than 40,000 Swedish prisoners of war, serfs and slaves died just constructing this city.,Earlier in the day I had toured the State Hermitage Museum’s vast collection of masterpieces — with Italian paintings by Leonardo, Michelangelo, Raphael and Titian, and French works by Degas, Gauguin, Matisse, Monet, Renoir and van Gogh — and strolled past opulent residences that line streets carved out of the bogs and swampland.,Now by night, those facades of lithe nymphs and muscular atlases seem to wrap snowy arms around the neoclassical columns as though seeking warmth offered by their rosy tones.,Back on Nevsky Prospekt, it’s time for a warm-up stop at the Literary Café. Even it has a tragic past. Now known for its fine dining and classical music, it was once the center of the city’s literary society, a gathering spot for writers and poets such as Fyodor Dostoevsky and Alexander Pushkin.,On a winter evening in 1837, the 37-year-old poet Pushkin, at the height of his literary career, set out from the Literary Café for a duel in the snowbound countryside with Baron d’Anthes, an admirer of his wife. Pushkin was mortally wounded defending her honor, and died on Feb. 10.,After a shot of vodka, I head to the blood-stained grounds of Decembrists Square, the site of Russia’s first revolution. Here, on Dec. 14, 1825, a small group of rebel officers staged a coup d’état protesting the accession of Nicholas I to the throne.,Several thousand troops attacked and executed many where they stood. Today, a statue of the Bronze Horseman, a ghostly specter that inspired Alexander Pushkin’s epic poem, dominates the area.,Across the square is Hotel Astoria (39, Bolshaya Morskaya). Despite its elegant interior and impressive view of St. Isaac’s Cathedral, it also holds a bloody secret from the past. On Dec. 28, 1925, Sergey Yesenin, a 30-year-old Bohemian Russian poet, hanged himself in the D’Angleterre Hotel, which was annexed to the Astoria during renovations in 1991.,In a particularly gruesome farewell, he painted a goodbye verse on the walls in his own blood. His avant-garde lifestyle reached mythic proportions after his death and even today continues to inspire imitative suicides.,I continue south to Moyka Canal, the site of Rasputin’s demise. Legends say that on Dec. 29, 1916, the long-haired guru to Russian aristocracy and confidant of Tsarina Alexandra Romanov, was lured to nearby Yusupov Palace, fed poisoned cake, shot and then tossed into these waters. Today, listening to the ice floes crack, while wrapped in fur like a heroine from Doctor Zhivago, it’s easy to imagine his ghost is nearby.,Still, I can’t help but be disappointed. I had somehow expected more of a legacy from the so-called “mad monk” whose sexual and spiritual powers had threatened the stability of the Russian Empire.,I step inside the Idiot Café — named after Dostoyevsky’s novel — next to St. Isaac’s Cathedral, and order a bowl of borscht, a traditional beet soup, to warm up before investigating further. In the flickering candlelight, I read in the local newspaper about Russia’s first sex museum. The new museum of erotica opened in May 2004 in St. Petersburg.,“There is one exhibit we are especially proud of,” reports Igor Knyazkin, the museum’s founder. It is the perfectly preserved, 11-inch (28 cm) sex organ of Grigori Rasputin. I realize that my quest for more evidence of Rasputin need go no further. The exhibit had already captured a remnant of St. Petersburg’s mysterious past. I decide to settle for a glimpse of his ghost.,If You Go,St. Petersburg Tourist Guide,www.saint-petersburg.com,State Hermitage Museum,www.hermitagemuseum.org,Russian National Tourist Office,www.russia-travel.com, ,A journey to an elephant sanctuary reveals the thoughtfulness of Sri Lankans.,Perhaps it was the aftermath of four weeks in India spent negotiating my every movement that had considerably shortened my fuse. Perhaps my cool Canadian good nature had melted away in the three-digit steamy heat. Or perhaps, like the Grinch, my heart was simply two sizes too small that day.,I was cranky, unreasonably chagrined at paying 30 Sri Lankan rupees for a second-class train seat, only to discover all seats taken when I boarded, fully 45 minutes before departure. The one-hour train ride from Kandy, a city of central Sri Lanka to Rambukanna, and another half hour by bus to the Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage was far too long for me to stand, especially at the unreasonable hour of 7 a.m.,I had paid for a seat. I plopped down on a third-class bench and angled out of the window until I caught the eye of an agreeable Sri Lankan rail worker. He inspected my ticket, listened earnestly to my predicament, and cheerily beckoned me back to the second-class car: “Come, come!”,It was early; I was fatigued, sweltering and peevish. For all its magnificent splendors, there is no sufficient cappuccino equivalent in Kandy, and I was wrathfully into a week of full-blown caffeine withdrawal. I was not naively going back to a carriage I knew was full. It could be a scam:,I might not only lose my third-class seat and have to stand for a whole hour, but possibly have to pay for another pass. (In my defense, this actually happened to me in China.) I snatched my ticket back with a petulant exhalation, slumped against the open window and sulked into the tropical scenery, determined to commandeer as much space as possible along the cracked blue vinyl.,The jungle canopy was luxuriant in the bright face of morning. The verdant tangle swayed in a sweet zephyr while fruit burst from the earth in all manner of seeds, flowers and spikes. Waterfalls streamed over smooth-shouldered chocolate boulders, easing into pools mirroring sapphire sky and raw-silk clouds. Inside, locals unconcernedly alternated between sitting and standing.,Adults and children sang together, white teeth glinting delightedly in the splintered light, in a pleasured crescendo as the train shot through short black tunnels. The passengers around me eagerly consumed exotic snacks: baskets of crunchy fried bundles laced with spicy dried peppers; mammoth cobs of steamed golden corn; bunches of enigmatic sugary fruit. Grudgingly, I felt my irritations begin to subside.,Several passengers pointed out the Rambukanna station to me. I stalked to the main road, past the sinewy barrier of auto rickshaw drivers and friendly touts. Where was the connecting bus to the village of Pinnawala? After I asked two different people and received convincing gestures in completely opposite directions, my anxiety ratcheted up a few notches.,Hungry for business and undoubtedly smelling sweaty desperation and foreign currency emanating from my incandescent white skin, a line of auto rickshaw drivers commenced vigorous animation of their green and yellow tin chariots.,“Can I help you?” I looked skeptically from the gritty ground at my dirty feet to see pressed trousers, a casual pinstripe shirt and a welcoming smile.,I realized that as independent as I wanted to be, I did, in fact, need some help. Through clenched teeth, I ungraciously replied that I needed to find the Pinnawala bus, but that I did not want to have to pay him to show me where it was.,The warm smile wavered somewhat, like a cloud passing through a clear afternoon. “I am not a beggar! I don’t want your money. I am a real Sri Lankan! I will help you — come!” And my day-long lesson in humility began.,The self-assured fellow walked me to the bus, secured me a window seat, and waited on the bus until the driver confirmed that it was, indeed, headed for the elephant orphanage. Twenty minutes later, no fewer than five passengers and the driver cheerfully pointed out my stop.,Sri Lanka, an island country in the Indian Ocean just southeast of India, is home to about 3,000 wild elephants, down from about 20,000 animals 150 years ago. Humans encroach on their habitat, which is rapidly shrinking.,When elephant cows are killed, if the hungry animals raid a farmer’s field for example, the nursing young usually have no other chance of survival than the 24-acre (9.7 hectares) Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage established in 1975 by the Sri Lanka Wildlife Department. Today, the orphanage is also a breeding ground for elephants.,I spent a wonderfully quiescent afternoon at the orphanage, exceeding all my elephant expectations. The enormous prune-skinned mammals appeared genuinely sanguine, and their mahouts treated them with care. The pinnacle was bath time in a nearby river, where each day the 80 or so parched pachyderms spend hours frolicking.,Grinning mischievously from tusk to tusk and winking long-lashed, jovial eyes in the cool spray, they become surprisingly playful, wrestling and slapping at one another like a gaggle of junior-high-school students on a loosely supervised field trip.,Occasionally, small posses sneaked to the far bank for a vigorous dust bath, or trotted downstream into dense bush to foray for a leafy treat. Several reclined in the river, snorkeling in bubbly gusts from their brawny, expressive trunks.,Wandering back toward the main road, I paused to admire some souvenirs. I bargained heartily for several treasures before finding my way to the bus stop, weighted under a backpack, a colossal camera, and now two souvenir tables and a set of cinnamon-bark plates.,Sarath, the congenial store clerk, was waiting for the same bus. I found myself whining about continually having to be on my guard as a traveler and how tiresome I had found the morning’s train experience. Sarath spoke compassionately. “That’s how it is with Sri Lankans also, we do not always get a seat, but there was room for you to stand, wasn’t there?” Oh.,When the medieval bus ground to a tortured halt, Sarath helped me wedge into the standing-room-only vehicle. Before we lurched two blocks, a teenager smilingly nodded to me and surrendered his seat. Sarath grinned at me warmly: “Because you are a foreigner!” I felt a strange little tap on my heart, recognizing just how unselfish and truly loving the small gesture was.,Bus fare clenched in my fist, I waited for the conductor to collect. It never happened, and I suspected that Sarath had paid for me. When I tried to reimburse him, he chuckled merrily and waved my money aside, ushering me onto the connecting bus. Another tap stroked my heartstrings.,Again with standing-room only, we had hardly proceeded three minutes before a young schoolgirl in a white blouse and blue jumper sunnily volunteered her seat to me and all my formidable packages.Tap.,The bus clung to the road by virtue of gravity, the singular saving grace of a prodigious passenger load. Knotted into a mass of standees, the girl pitched defenselessly like seaweed in a tidal rip while I reposed conveniently. Tap. The elderly gentleman sitting beside me held her heavy backpack so that she could better grip the overhead rails. Tap. Tap.,He then sincerely apologized to me for his country’s political tensions, mostly between the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, who seek independence in the northeast corner of the island. It was not real Sri Lankans who were at war, he remonstrated. Real Sri Lankans are peaceful, and revile the bloody battle that has internationally defined their small nation since 1983. He was very sorry for me, and hoped I would return to experience the good side of his country in the future. Tap. Tap. Tap.,En route to Kandy, my conscience gnawed at my ego to exorcise the tawdry fiend that had earlier possessed my sensibilities.,I hated to admit that hyperactive conjecture had triggered my early morning wash of negativity. The difference between second- and third-class train tickets — regardless of whether or not one arrived early enough to secure a seat — was 6 Sri Lanka rupees for locals and foreigners alike. I had allowed the equivalent of less than six cents U.S. induce me into a state of Western infantilism.,I have a new goal: to one day possess the spontaneous charity and character of a real Sri Lankan, and to touch the hearts of others with such caring, selfless acts of respect and kindness.,If You Go,Sri Lanka Tourist Board,www.srilankatourism.org,Elephants in Sri Lanka,www.elephantsinneed.org,San Ignacio offers the ancient Maya ruins of Cahal Pech alongside colorful modern life.,I sit on the curb at the bus station in San Ignacio Town, Belize. The sidewalk is raised a foot (30 cm) above the street, so I’m half sitting, half squatting, watching people, waiting for my wife, Mahrie, who is shopping nearby. Behind me several young guys huddle around a food stand, one working, the others hanging out. Laughing, they shout to young men standing around the competing food stand across the street, “Shaddup!” “Shaddup youselfs!” the competitors shout back.,With 13,000 residents, San Ignacio and its sister town, Santa Elena, make up the third largest community in Belize; Belize City is the largest city, with a population of 58,000. San Ignacio, the capital of the Cayo District, is located approximately 72 miles (115 km) east of Belize City.,The food stands at the bus station serve walk-up customers, but mainly they stock the trays of boys who sell to bus passengers. The buses come in two varieties; express buses are large-windowed, air-conditioned, and carry passengers from one bus station to another; regular buses are repurposed school buses that stop for anyone who hails them. Either way, the ride includes music, whatever the driver likes.,The boys load their trays and hold them up to passengers reaching through the windows. Customers pay with change dropped down. This lemonade stand–style of commerce flourishes despite a handwritten sign taped to the windshield of buses stating, “No Eating! No Drinking!” In Belize, it seems to me that rules of this sort are guidelines posted more for principle than result.,Sitting on the edge of the sidewalk gives me a close-up view of people passing by. Here comes an old abuela, shopping bag in one hand, the other holding her granddaughter’s hand. Both abuela and granddaughter are dressed up, perhaps because it’s Saturday, market day.,The grandmother is short, thick, and sturdy as a water barrel, her brown skin darkened and etched with wrinkles by a life in the sun. The lines radiating back from her eyes are made deeper by the broad smile she beams down at the girl.,The granddaughter is about 6 years old and, like her grandmother, wears a bright, multi-colored skirt and a white blouse with beaded decorations around the neck. There are beads in her hair, splashing color against its dark richness. She strides quickly on skinny legs, taking two steps for every one her grandmother takes.,They’re obviously delighted to be dressed up and out on the town together. I’m struck by the idea that some 60 years ago the abuela was the girl and 60 years hence the little girl will be the old abuela. Some of the intervening steps are evident around me — an attractive young woman in heeled sandals and tight-fitting jeans flirting with the food-stand boys as she walks by; a young mother with three children, one in her arms. It seems impossible she’ll accomplish anything in town; the children require all her attention.,San Ignacio spreads out over seven hills clustered around the Macál River, steep, tall hills that present beautiful vistas of the river valley and into Guatemala, a short distance west.,When Mahrie emerges from the shop with bottles of water to quench our thirst while walking under the tropical sun, we set out on foot to climb one of these hills to visit ruins of a city built by Mayas during the Pre-Classic (2000 B.C. to A.D. 250) and Classic (A.D. 250 to A.D. 1000) periods. The Maya constructed the oldest buildings here before Socrates walked the streets of Athens.,This ancient site is called Cahal Pech, which is both unfortunate (meaning “place of ticks”) and anachronistic, as the name was given in 1950 when the site was a pasture during the first archeological studies.,Some of the buildings are partially restored and show the scale of the original construction. Find a cool courtyard among the ruins and rest on the steps and you’ll form an impression of the human spirits who built these structures, and their love of symmetry and grandeur.,“A card posted in the visitor’s center says there are more ruins of Maya buildings in Belize than modern buildings,” Mahrie says, as we walk down the steep slope back to the center of town.,“Who counted?” I wonder.,“Another card said the ancient Maya civilization supported more people in Belize than live here now, maybe 10 times more.”,My feet are creeping inexorably into the toes of my shoes as we trudge down the steep grade. “Where are the descendants of those people?”,Signboards up and down the narrow streets of San Ignacio advertise places to stay and adventures — canoe trips on the Macál, horseback riding, excursions to the Mountain Pine Ridge (a forest reserve to the south), caving, tubing and visits to Maya sites. Cahal Pech, Xunantunich and Caracol are nearby.,Xunantunich is a few minutes up the Western Highway, a cab ride that includes crossing the Mopan River on a hand-cranked ferry. Caracol is more distant, with most of the trip on an unpaved limestone road, optimistically called an “all-weather road” by many tourism websites. Even so, with reasonable weather and a good vehicle, Caracol is an easy day trip from San Ignacio. The temple there (called Canaa) is the tallest structure in the country, ancient or modern.,Hungry from our day of walking, we find a restaurant near the bus station. It’s called Serendib, the Arabic word for Sri Lanka. They feature Sri Lankan specialties, but also local dishes and sandwiches. The food is good; the service is excellent. Richard, a short, sturdy, round-faced young man tells us he started out selling lumber, but became a waiter because the job fit his personality.,He is warm and outgoing. He and his wife are new parents, and he’s eager to hurry home to hold the baby on this Saturday evening. He folds his arms across his chest and rocks gently to show what he means. Richard grew up in San Antonio, a Maya village nearby, where people predominantly communicate in Yucatec, one of the Mayan languages also spoken in northern Belize, the Yucatan Peninsula and parts of Guatemala.,The 2000 census for Belize counts about 18,200 people whose mother tongue is either Kekchi Maya, Mopan or Yucatec, almost 9 percent of the country’s overall population. Looking around San Ignacio, you see descendants of the ancient Maya builders everywhere, intermixed with other elements of this diverse country.,Because Belize became a British colony in the late 19th century until it gained independence in 1981, English is the official language. Kriol and Spanish are common, but most Belizeans speak and understand English. If you’re English speaking, the logistics of visiting Belize are easy. More importantly, casual conversations are possible, making these warm, interesting people accessible.,At the edge of the downtown area, the open-air market features fresh bananas, mangos and papaya. Ask the vendor where the fruit was grown and how it was brought to market. If you want to make a good impression, ask about his family. In return, be ready to answer his curiosity.,Walking among the stands, it’s easy to imagine the ancient counterpart to this bustle. No doubt the Maya city on top of the hill served the same function as the modernday San Ignacio. People nearby brought their products into town and took home the products of others.,Perhaps there were Maya boys holding snack trays over their heads; perhaps there were grandmothers and granddaughters walking together holding hands. In the ancient market the Maya fashioned relationships that bound the community together; in the modern market their descendants do the same.,If You Go,Belize Tourism Board,www.travelbelize.org,www.belizetourism.org,Explore the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico to experience the stunning art, beautiful nature and vibrant spirit of the high desert town of Taos.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Nestled at the edge where the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of northern New Mexico spread westward toward the sage brushed mesas and plains is a land of vast expanse and open skies.  Here you’ll find the enchanting high desert town of Taos, a historic art colony and world-class outdoor recreation mecca. ,Visitors to Taos often remark on the magnetic-like pull the town seems to possess, drawing them back time and time again. They are enamored by the jagged peaks, sun-drenched landscape and the almost spiritual vibes that this magical destination emits with its age-old traditions. ,History is honored here, as for centuries, people from the Pueblo Indians and the conquistadors to Mexican settlers and Anglo ranchers have made Taos their home. The town is also known as a community that has nurtured the creative spirits of artists from all over the world. ,Stroll around the Taos Plaza with its eclectic shops and galleries. The plaza is over 300 years old and still retains its original shape. Built for defense, windows and doors face into the plaza, allowing the limited entrances to be barricaded when necessary.,This is one of only a handful of places in the country permitted to fly the American flag day and night. Story has it that a group of patriots guarded an American flag on the plaza during the Civil War and because of their efforts, the plaza was given this distinguished honor.,The large cross also pays tribute to the many townspeople who died in the Bataan Death March during WWII.,Bent Street and the John Dunn Shops connect the plaza, a delightful pedestrian-friendly locale with some more unique stores.,Check out Coyote Moon’s array of Southwest folk art and La Tierra Mineral Gallery, which boasts a great collection of rare minerals, fossils and carvings. New Mexico sustainable goods are the focus at Seconds Eco Store, where you’ll find unique recycled creations.,The Taos Pueblo is a must-see for all visitors. It’s the only living Native American community designated both a World Heritage Site by UNESCO and a National Historic Landmark. For over 1,000 years, the multi-storied adobe buildings remained continuously inhabited and the Puebloan culture remains intact.,Houses are made of adobe, in the traditional way, by mixing dirt with straw and water, and they are passed on from generation to generation and maintained by each family.,Although today, access to the structures is via a doorway, you can still see ladders that lead to rooftop entrances, reminiscent of the past when such construction was necessary for defensive purposes. ,To enhance your experience, take a tour of the place and learn more about the history, as well as the Puebloan way of life. Before you leave, stop in at one of the homes that also serve as shops selling art, jewelry, pottery and Native American food, such as the quintessential fry bread.,The residents are usually more than happy to chat about their childhood, education, the Pueblo government and the current state of affairs in their community. ,Museums are another of the town’s popular attractions. History comes alive at the Kit Carson House & Museum, where you can take a guided tour of the adobe house that Indian scout and mountain man, Kit Carson, gave to his wife Josefa Jaramillo as a wedding present in 1843.,Now wonderfully restored and filled with information and artifacts of Carson’s life, the museum is a window into the Wild West days. When you leave, make your way to the Historic Kit Carson Cemetery, where Kit, his family members and other persons of historical interest are buried.,Also of note is the Hacienda de los Martinez, one of the few northern New Mexico style, late Spanish Colonial period “Great Houses” remaining in the American Southwest. Built in 1804, this fortress-like building became a significant trade hub for the northern boundary of the Spanish Empire.,Today, the Hacienda, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, provides visitors with a glimpse of the rugged frontier life and times of the early 1800s. ,For art aficionados, there are several museum options. My personal favorites include the Harwood Museum of Art, the Blumenschein Home and Museum and the Taos Art Museum at the Fechin House. At the Harwood, you’ll experience a complete story of art in Taos, from traditional to cutting-edge.,The Blumenschein celebrates the lives and art of Ernest Blumenschein, his wife Mary and their daughter Helen, as well as works from the Taos Society of Artists. Blumenschein was a founder of the society and he became one of the Southwest’s best known painters of Pueblo Indian genre.,Over at the Fechin, you’ll find the hand-carved furnishing and art of Russian-born artist Nicolai Fechin, who made his home in Taos.,About four miles south of the town is the famous San Francisco de Asis Church. Built in the early 1800s, it’s the only original church that remains intact in the Taos area.,Numerous 20th Century artists, including Georgia O’Keeffe and Ansel Adams, were fascinated by the building’s design elements. Their artistic renderings of the structure have made it nationally famous. ,A half-hour drive will take you to the Taos Ski Valley, an outdoor playground for all seasons. Mountain bikers enjoy the magnificent terrain that skiers love during the winter. Hikers take to the trails, with paths for all levels and abilities, from popular Williams Lake to challenging Wheeler Peak, the highest point in New Mexico.,After you complete your adrenaline-pumping fun, head to Taos Cow in the nearby village of Arroyo Seco for some homemade ice cream with southwestern flavor combinations, like piñon caramel and Mexican chocolate.,It’s one thing to explore the dramatic scenery of Taos on foot; it’s another to experience it from a bird’s eye perch high above ground. Only then are the wonders of this northern New Mexico locale fully realized.,Such perspective is best obtained during a hot air balloon ride at sunrise when the majestic Sangre de Cristo Mountains are a deep purple and the sky is streaked with brilliant hues of pink and orange. At the same time, the mighty Rio Grande Gorge appears as an eerie and otherworldly formation. ,It was a calm summer morning when I joined a group of fifteen passengers, two balloon pilots, and their chaser crews from Pueblo Balloon Company. We headed to the departure point, driving on what was once an old stagecoach road.,Before helping to participate in the set-up process, our group gathered to watch as one of the crew members sent a small, helium-filled balloon or “piball,” up in the air in order to check wind conditions.,Then show time commenced, with the exciting inflation of Arrows and Major Tom, the two balloons that would carry us up, up and away. Once the basket was upright, we got in, watched as the balloon’s crown line was released and said adios to terra firma for the next hour. ,It’s amazing how quiet it is once you’re up in the air, with only the whooshing sounds of the burners as they are utilized to gain lift. The picturesque panorama unfolded around us and I found myself captivated by the balloon’s shadow casted on the ground and against the Rio Grande Gorge’s basaltic walls.,The gorge is a 37-mile rift created by a separation in the earth’s crust caused by faulting and other earth movements millions of years ago. It’s a stunning high desert chasm that elicits plenty of oohs and aahs from viewers, who never tire of its rugged beauty.,This section of the historic Rio Grande is the nation’s first Wild and Scenic River, and from late spring through early fall, it’s a popular area for rafting and kayaking. ,Pueblo Balloon is well known for its skilled and experienced pilots and impeccable safety record, as well as for its famed “splash and dash” experience in the Rio Grande. If the conditions are right, your pilot will take the balloon down into the Gorge and let the basket skim along the river.,Some folks like to call it the “dip and drip,” but our pilot, Chris, prefers to describe it as “balloon rafting.” For passengers, it’s a unique thrill and a definite highlight of the trip, but it’s also exciting to watch another balloon in front of you as it rides the waves, providing that perfect photographic moment.,Another highlight during our adventure was coming upon dozens and dozens of bighorn sheep as they raced across the land in Serengeti-like migration form. The males or rams, with their distinctive curled or spiral horns, were the stars of this display and as observers from above, we reveled in this special sighting. ,Hot air balloons have been around for a long time, with the first documented flight made in 1783 by Joseph and Etienne Montgolifier, two brothers from France who were in the paper manufacturing business.,The men, Joseph and Etienne Montgolifier, developed a new paper which was a combination of paper and silk. When they watched it burn, they observed that little pieces of unburned paper and ashes would rise into the air.,This phenomenon fascinated them and they decided to explore the possibility of capturing this air and using it as a means for man to fly. Their first flight lasted 25 minutes and their balloon rose to 1,500 feet and traveled a total distance of five miles.,Ballooning eventually became the rage in Europe and later in the U.S. Today, hot air balloons are popular everywhere. Nearby city, Albuquerque, New Mexico, has the notable distinction of being the ballooning capital of the world.  ,There have been many advancements made in ballooning over the years, but steering wheels aren’t one of them. Pilots can control ascents and descents via the burners.,When the air inside the envelope or fabric bag is heated, the balloon goes up. To descend, the pilot allows the air to cool and the balloon subsequently becomes heavier than air. Once airborne, balloons just float with the wind. ,Though the pilot doesn’t know exactly where the balloon will land ahead of time, he still has control over the landing. Our pilot had a general plan as he set out, but Mother Nature can be fickle, showing us that flexibility and adaptability are essential in the art of ballooning.,During our time in the gorge, the winds changed direction from their original course, forcing the pilots to alter their routes. They tried to land at one spot, but it proved impossible, so plan B was quickly put into place. We eventually touched down without issue in an open field covered with sagebrush.,After the ride, we drove over to the Rio Grande Gorge Bridge, the fifth highest bridge in the U.S. and a famous landmark in the state. At a picnic table overlooking this scenic wonder, we toasted to our success with “sunrises,” a combination of orange juice and champagne, more commonly known as mimosas.,The pilots told us we had proven to be “brave and daring souls” during this adventure of a lifetime and they welcomed us into their elite group of aeronauts. ,Taos boasts a host of accommodations, from quaint inns and contemporary hotels to rustic lodges and cabins. On the luxe end, there’s El Monte Sagrado Living Resort and Spa.,The hotel’s décor is a creative meld of American West, Mexican, Spanish, Native American and Eastern influences, and there’s beautiful artwork on display inside, as well as interspersed throughout the grounds.,The lush 10-acre property features an aquatic center with an invigorating salt water hot tub and pool surrounded by waterfalls, plants and flowers. The Living Spa, named one of the Top 100 U.S. Resort Spas by Conde Nast Traveler, is an eco-conscious rejuvenation center with an extensive menu of treatments that incorporate the use of wild-crafted indigenous plants, flowers and aromatic skin oils inspired by the high desert. ,If staying in the Ski Valley is your aim, The Blake, a popular property, has ski-in/ski-out and easy trail accessibility. Located in the center of the Village at Taos Ski Valley, this attractive alpine hotel boasts eighty well-appointed rooms and suites, along with a spa, swimming pool and restaurant.,For unique, off-the-grid digs, check out Earthship Biotecture, a company that specializes in eco-construction and sustainable living. There’s an Earthship community outside of Taos and you can stay in a house made from natural and recycled materials, where water harvesting is practiced, along with the use of solar heating/cooling and wind electric power. ,Find more helpful information: www.taos.org,Author’s Bio: Debbie Stone is an established travel writer and columnist, who crosses the globe in search of unique destinations and experiences to share with her readers and listeners. She’s an avid explorer who welcomes new opportunities to increase awareness and enthusiasm for places, culture, food, history, nature, outdoor adventure, wellness and more. Her travels have taken her to nearly 100 countries spanning all seven continents, and her stories appear in numerous print and digital publications. ,Travel back in time with one adventure through pre-historic Utah. Discover dinosaurs, national monuments and more in this unique experience.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece,I used Vernal, Utah as my base for my walk through time.  After all, Vernal is located near the Dinosaur National Monument and Red Fleet State Park, and these two destinations are both very relevant and integral to an understanding of extinct ecosystems – and to preserving the diversity of the past and present. ,It’s possible here to reconstruct the ecosystem of about 150 million years ago – and to take a historic walk through time.,Paleontologist Earl Douglass discovered a dinosaur quarry in this very area, and he began excavating the fossils in 1909.  By 1915, the bones of the Jurassic period dinosaurs were protected within an 80-acre Dinosaur National Monument – and this has now become a 210,000-acre national monument. ,The dinosaur quarry was located in a rock layer, the Morrison Formation, and sediment covered and preserved its fossils, which can now be used to demonstrate what life was like on earth so long ago.,In fact, the Carnegie Quarry at Dinosaur National Monument has found fossils from all four Jurassic period dinosaur groups  (stegosaurs, ornithopods, plant-eating sauropods, and flesh-eating theropods), and fossil pollen and spores have identified over 250 species of plants.,Erosion eventually exposed these, leading Douglass to say that this particular site was “the best-looking dinosaur site I ever found”.  The fossilized bones of crocodiles, turtles, and 10 species of dinosaurs have been discovered here by excavating the river sediment., It’s believed that dinosaurs became extinct about 65 million years ago, but it’s still possible to learn about them here. ,For example, at the Harpers Corner Overlook in today’s Dinosaur National Monument, visitors can actually be standing on fossils of ocean life that now lie high above the Green River. ,Times – and landscapes – indeed change!,My favorite discovery on my journey was the Wall of Bones, located in the Quarry Exhibit Hall, within the Dinosaur National Monument. ,I reached this site by taking a shuttle bus from the Quarry Visitor Center, and here I found an awesome display of more than 1,500 exposed dinosaur bones, including the neck and skull of a Camarasaurus, the leg bones of both a Diplodocus and Apatosaurus, the tooth of a Torvosaurus, and the well-preserved skull of an Allosaurus. Now that’s a really unique walk through time! ,Visitors are even allowed to touch some of these ancient bones. Just imagine touching a bone that’s millions of years old!,Dinosaur National Monument extends into the state of Colorado, too, but I only visited the Utah section on my visit. After thoroughly checking out the Wall of Bones, I returned to the Quarry Visitor Center and walked the Fossil Discovery Trail.,I then drove further into the Dinosaur National Monument, where I found some ancient petroglyphs that are believed to be about 1,000 years old (yes, people have been in the area quite a while, too).,After my visit to Dinosaur National Monument, I drove to the second major area destination for my walk through time: Red Fleet State Park. ,This is so named for the beautiful red sandstone formations that resemble a fleet of ships floating through the reservoir, but the main point of interest for me was its dinosaur tracks. ,These tracks were formed when dinosaurs roamed the area about 150 million years ago, and a hiking trail now leads to these ancient footprints. ,However, instead of hiking the somewhat strenuous 3-mile round trip trail, I took a very short boat trip across the reservoir to these very tracks. I actually saw several three-toed tracks on the site, and I was instructed to place a bit of water in them so that the photos would be more distinct. ,Some of the tracks are in the rocky ledge that’s next to the reservoir itself, so some of these will be hidden when the water level is high. ,I used Vernal as my base for this walk through time, and it was quite obvious that I was in “Dinosaurland”.  Dinosaurs ruled in the Vernal area!  ,A statue of a pink dinosaur welcomes the visitor – and a series of life-sized dinosaur replicas are displayed in the Dinosaur Garden, located outside of the Utah Field House of Natural History State Park Museum. ,Inside are more dinosaur models and an observation window that overlooks a fossil preparatory lab.  This facility reveals the geologic history via hands-on exhibits and activities – even including a fossil dig.,While in Vernal, I was given a Dinosaur Hunting License, but I only enjoy hunting with a camera. Be that as it may, this license entitled me to hunt for certain specific species of dinosaurs – and to keep said game after it was properly “inspected by the Utah Game Warden”. ,I don’t believe that this keeps the warden very busy., For More Information:  www.dinoland.com,Author Bio: John is a freelance travel writer and photographer who enjoys travelling the world and writing about his adventures. He has written weekly travel features for a group of community newspapers, presented several travelogues, and is the author of two major cycling books: “Cycling Canada” and “Cycling the USA”,Siem Reap, Cambodia, has just about everything, including the famous Angkor Wat temple site. However, being under the sun all day can wear you down, so be sure to find yourself a coza.,Siem Reap, Cambodia, has just about everything, including the famous Angkor Wat temple site. With more than 1,000 temples in a 400-square-kilometer (98,842 ares) radius, most visitors to Cambodia will spend one to two days walking around the area. However, being under the sun all day can wear you down. ,That’s why I wanted to make sure I always travel with a good head covering to keep me cool. But with everyone telling me that “less is more” when traveling to Southeast Asia, I couldn’t take just any hat. In fact, bringing along the right travel accessories, like a good hat, can make your travel go smoothly. ,What to pack had a lot to do with it. Every time I travel, I get anxious about how much I’m packing in my suitcase. Trimming down on clothes is one thing, trimming down on sun protection is another.,The go-to hat for this trip had to be something that was light and breathed, provided good sun protection, and worked well while either lounging around or while trekking up and down ancient temples in 90 degrees with 90 percent humidity. A twisted Panama straw outback hat, the coza by Tenth Street hats, fit the bill. ,This hat is not only easy to wear, but I also got compliments on it every day of our trip. The hat kept my head nice and cool while riding a trishaw through the tiny streets in Koh Oknha Tey, Cambodia. It felt as though I could have been an extra in the next Indiana Jones movie.,Cambodia is a hot and humid country with so much to see. We love to visit with the locals and walk through towns as much as possible. I never had a problem pairing my hat with an outfit for the day, be it active or something more casual. The coza really appealed to me for this reason. It looks good no matter what you wear it with. ,On our second day in Siem Reap, we made the homage to Angkor Wat to watch the sunrise over the temple before exploring and seeing many other temples. Angkor Wat was surreal, so much history happened here, it’s literally engraved on the walls of the temple.,After the morning, we visited Angkor Thom, known for its profusion of smiling Buddha faces throughout. Interestingly, the faces were originally Hindu before the national religion changed to Buddhism and the king at the time had their foreheads changed to look like the Buddha.,Finally, in the afternoon, we arrived at Ta Prohm, the ancient temple known most for its use as a backdrop in the movie “Lara Croft, Tomb Raider.” By this time, the midday heat had settled in. I was doing A-OK, though, with the breathability of the straw Coza hat. My wife Janna and I decided to settle down on a rock by the wall of the temple and survey the beauty of nature overtaking the centuries-old temple. ,“So, where do you want to go on our next adventure?” Janna asked. I looked down, took a step toward her, and looked up under my wide-brimmed hat. “Always wanted to see the Great Barrier Reef in Australia,” I said. “And I’ve already got the perfect hat for that one!”,Ready to enjoy the sunshine and historic sites of Cambodia? Find the best flight deals and ground transportation packages here through Kiwi. Next, you can find everything else you need to know like hotel or VRBO options and where to eat nearby on Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Author Bio: Benjamin Rader is the video director at Go World Travel Magazine.,Wander Moorish neighborhoods with whitewashed houses and explore the intricate gardens of a centuries-old fortress.,I am sitting in a bar in Spain’s Andalusian state, Granada, where I have been drinking glasses of beer for the last two hours in order to get free plates of food.,I don’t even like beer, and yet I’ve lost count of how many I’ve had — always a bad sign. But it’s been worth the effort. Tapas are mini-snacks, and there are infinite varieties, from calamari rings to spinach with chick peas.,There are two stories about the origins of tapas, which means “lid” in Spanish. The first goes that combining food with alcohol was a way of ensuring people didn’t drink on empty stomachs. The alternative is that drinks were traditionally covered by a small plate of food.,Whichever it is, it could well be the reason why siestas are so quiet in Granada — everyone is home sleeping it off, or at least the foreign tourists not used to this style of eating are resting. However, I’ve ceased to mull over the origins of the tradition, and I am wondering how I can get off the stool and stagger outside.,The bar attendant has turned the television to a soccer match, and everyone is engrossed in it. So I am sure I can slink by unnoticed past the mess of napkins and toothpicks on the floor at the foot of the bar, the most telltale sign of a tapas feast, and make use of the afternoon light in this picturesque town.,Granada was the capital of the last Moorish kingdom in Spain from the 13th through the 15 th centuries, and the city is full of reminders of its Arabic past, with baths, Arabic teterías (tea shops) andalcaicerías (markets).,Granada houses Spain’s best Moorish constructions, the most magnificent of which is the Alhambra. This old fortress with palaces and gardens perches above the hillside town with a snowy vista of the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the background. There are also Baroque churches, Gothic chapels, monasteries, palaces, convents and cathedrals.,I’d spent the morning wandering around the whitewashed houses of the Moorish Sacromonte and Albayzin neighborhoods, noting husky old men peering from doors of the bars. While a group of people gathered around a man fixing a water main offered advice, a dog tried to steal my map.,I’d been hassled by herb sellers, a gypsy woman with badly applied eyeliner who wanted to read my palm for an incredible sum, and hippies who needed soap more than the cigarettes they asked for. In the end I had sat down in the Mirador de San Nicolás Plaza with other tourists and locals who had spilled from local restaurants to enjoy the sun and beauty of this spot overlooking Granada.,There were two grandmothers with enough colored hair clips to keep an army of small girls happy, a man playing a guitar, two gypsy girls pestering tourists, and the hazy panorama of the famous Alhambra and the Sierra Nevada mountains behind. The moment was so surreal I lost myself for two hours, and have only moved since then to this bar where I am almost unable to leave my chair.,It is in moments like these that Granada begins to weave its spell. Washington Irving describes this phenomenon in Tales of the Alhambra,in which he speaks of the intertwining of life, religion and architecture, where everything is similar but nothing is the same. However, perhaps Ernest Hemingway’s party-riven accounts of Spain in his novel The Sun Also Rises may be closer to your own experience if you visit too many tapas bars.,Much has been written about the beauty of La Alhambra fortress, palace, patios and gardens, and none of it is exaggerated. Its combination of Islamic art, architecture and gardening is visually stunning. La Alhambra is made up of the military fortress of Alcazaba, the Royal Palace (home of the Alhambra Museum) and the gardens of the Generalife Palace.,The Alcazaba dates from the 11th to 13th centuries. The Royal Palace, the centerpiece, was built for Granada’s rulers in the 14th and 15th centuries. The intricate stonework, and inner rooms and courtyards are breathtaking. The Generalife, the summer palace of the sultans, has amazing gardens combining the use of water and foliage. A full day should be dedicated to wandering the grounds and buildings.,Hammam Arabic Baths, located below the Alhambra, on Calle Santa Ana, offers bathing, massage and even aroma-therapy. Above the bathhouse, Tetería Baños Árabes features Arabic teas and cakes, belly dancing, and even poetry readings and tales from the Andalusian-Arabic tradition.,The teterías, a fixture of Granada, typically have dimly lit interiors, candelabras with candles melting in arty globs and floor seating, perfect for romantic-minded couples.,Moorish influences can still be observed in Granada today, but they are now more of a touristy kind. Arabic markets with jewelry, incense, tea, clothing and art are open even in the off season, when the rest of Spain seems to have fallen asleep without the madness of bullfights and hordes of summer tourists.,When I finally leave my tapas bar, it is the view of the Alhambra from the Mirador de San Nicolás that I want to see again. In the afternoon, the square fills with Spanish guitarists, singing locals, gypsies and tourists. It’s the perfect way to spend an afternoon if you have overindulged in free tapas or beer.,As the sun lengthens and shadows fall across the valley, the Alhambra sets the mood. All that is needed now is an echo from the past: an imam (Muslim priest) in the long-since-removed minaret crying, “Allah hu Akbar” (God is,great) across the valley. Granada’s spell is cast.,If You Go,Granada Tourism www.andalucia.com/cities/granada,Spain Tourism,www.Spain.info,Other Things to Do,Las Alpujarras is a mountainous region just outside Granada with beautiful whitewashed villages (Bubion, Pampaneira and Capileira) that nestle into the sides of the mountains. Rural life persists here, with sheep farming and other agriculture. Some towns have fruit and vegetable markets. Walking paths dot the hillsides; most start from Capileira, one of the highest villages in Spain.,Homes in this region are terraced, with flat roofs and tall chimneys. These villages are pleasant, with tourist shops selling postcards, locally made jams, leather, jewelery and knickknacks. In the off season they are quiet; during siesta you’re lucky to find more than a sleeping cat.,When to Go,Granada is cooler than much of the temperate Andalusian region, due to its proximity to the mountains. But it is still warmer than northern Spain, even in winter. During winter, sunny days can be quite pleasant, and you can ski in the mountains nearby., ,Israel offers much more than just its religious and historical sites. Here’s are some interesting things to know before your next trip to Israel.,Although we can’t visit Israel right now, we can still dream and plan for a future adventure. Check this page for the latest updates and travel guidelines for Isreal.,Israel is known for many things, like its abundance of historic and religious sights, the Dead Sea and Tel Aviv.,But one thing I bet you didn’t know is that the ancient city of Jerusalem is home not only to the Western Wall, but it’s also the first city in the world to be completely covered by Wi-Fi. ,Who would have thought that one of the most historic cities in the world would be so technologically advanced? While this country is famously known for its history, Israel is an incredible country filled with so much more. ,Like, Israel is known as the “Startup Nation” because it has the highest concentration of startups after Silicon Valley, and that Israel is the only country in the world where the number of trees increases year-by-year. ,Below are 29 facts you just might not know about Israel.,This country is only a tad bit bigger than the state of New Jersey but has an extremely diverse environment. From lush rolling hills in the north to stark deserts in the south and a beautiful Mediterranean beach on the coast, there’s so much to discover. ,Israel has put a strong focus on environmental issues like reforestation, the water crisis and the wildlife, making it a key part of its infrastructure. ,One of the best parts of traveling is tasting the flavors from around the world. When you think of Israeli food, your mind probably goes to staples like hummus, falafel and fresh cucumber and tomato salad. It’s definitely not hard to get in your daily dose of vegetables in Israel, which makes this first food fact about Tel Aviv not so surprising.,Some of the best entertainment has come from Israel, as it is home to incredible writers, actors and actresses – and even the first theater for the deaf and blind.,Silicon Valley you have some competition! For being such a historic country, Israel is definitely not stuck in the past. Israel has been a key role in technological advancements and inventions that we couldn’t imagine living without today. While some inventions are listed below, the list of technology from Israel goes on and on, especially in the medical field.,This country really has it all, from technology or beauty to adventure and culture – but most importantly, they have immense knowledge. Home to 12 Nobel Prize winners and the second-highest rate of university degrees per capita, Israel is one smart cookie! ,A healthy country is a happy country. With a combination of healthcare, technological advancements in the medical field and a healthy Mediterranean diet, Israel is one of the happiest countries in the world. ,Did you know any of these facts about Israel? For such a small country, there sure is a lot to know! And we only scratched the surface. You’ll have to visit one day to learn more about this small yet mighty country. ,Learn more about how and when to travel through Israel here: https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/,Find a perfect hotel to meet your needs in any part of Israel here.,If you are looking for more of a private or luxurious stay check out the VRBO Israel listings here.,Learn Hebrew, Arabic and other languages of the area before your travel with Babbel. From the basics to deeper conversation, Babbel has easy lessons to take you to whatever level of language you would like to be. Find a course here.,Authors Bio: Chad Martin is the Director of the Northeast Region of the United States for the Israel Ministry of Tourism. Appointed in 2016 on the heels of ten years’ experience in the Israeli travel industry, he is the first American to serve in this role. Prior to the COVID crisis, Martin’s time in the ministry coincided with four consecutive years of record-breaking growth in tourism to Israel from North America. ,In 2018 he was also nominated as the Supplier Representative of the Year by the American Society of Travel Advisors – the same year that Israel won Destination of the Year. Martin is regarded as a leader and spokesperson for the Ministry of Tourism in the areas of trade relations, hotel investment and business development. As the travel market recovers, he and the Ministry of Tourism in North America are working to keep Israel top of mind in the country’s largest market for incoming tourists.,The cities of Delhi, Varanasi, Jaipur and Pushkar are thriving with vivid colors and exciting traditions. See all that they have to offer on a trip to India.,So great was Shah Jahan’s love for his third wife, Mumtaz Mahal, he built and dedicated Agra’s Taj Mahal to her. Semi-precious stones are embedded in the marble walls of this 17th century masterpiece.  A reflective pool mirrors it. Except for its two tombs, this incredible structure is totally symmetrical.,Besides the Taj, Shah Jahan also built the Red Fort (Lil Qila) near Delhi. Two towers are capped with onion-shaped domes that have stick-like protrusions, representing upside-down lotuses. The domes sit alongside the Lahore Gate, which leads to Chhatta Chowk, a vaulted arcade. Once a mall selling regal goods, today vendors hawk souvenirs. We visit in the morning.,“Come in the afternoon and see millions of people roaming around,” says our guide, Paveen Paul.,Thanks to Paul, I leave Delhi, Varanasi, Jaipur and Pushkar with a much deeper understanding of India and its people.,Contrasts abound. Women dressed in vibrantly colored silk saris often walk barefoot amid squalor and mud in narrow dingy streets. And some streets are like zoos – they share pavement with bulls, goats, dogs and monkeys.,Mughal architecture like the Red Fort began in the 16th century with Humayun’s Tomb. White marble and red sandstone became a hallmark, as did fountains and gardens.,Delhi also has stunning places of worship. Jama Masjid, India’s largest mosque, was Shah Jahan’s last creation. Striped marble domes and tapered minarets complement the marble and red stone building. The Baha’I House of Worship, surrounded by lovely gardens, resembles an enormous lotus just getting ready to bloom. It is the religion’s main temple.,Varanasi, India’s most pious city and said to be the world’s oldest continuously inhabited metropolis, hosts countless shrines, more than 700 temples and murderous traffic.,Beggars, pilgrims, the poor and everyone else congregates at the Ganges shoreline. Another contrast: The river may be spiritually pure, but it is a filthy body of water. Still, the very religious bathe in it.,Wandering down the riverfront ghats (stairs) for an early-morning boat ride, I see the faithful both performing morning rituals and doing their laundry. A bit farther down the river, smoke rises from the cremation pyres. ,For a Hindu, being cremated is thought to give instant enlightenment. Still, it seems a big strange to see burnt human remains being tossed into the river. About six miles from Varanasi, Sarnath is believed to be where Buddha gave his first sermon after attaining enlightenment. A small museum displays Buddhist relics and Hindu ones.,To the west and a bit north are the rugged Avravli Hills that surround three sides of Jaipur. It got its nickname, “the pink city,” because buildings in the old part of the city are dark pink.,Five stories high, the odd Hawa Mahal or “Palace of the Winds” is but only one room deep. Royal household women remained unseen when they once peeked at the court. The Jal Mahal (Water Palace), another five-story building, sits on Man Sugar Lake. All but one story is submerged.,A steep incline leads to the huge, pinkish entrance of Amber Fort and Palace. Construction began in 1592 and took 125 years to complete. The panels of the Hall of Public Audience (Diwan-i-Am) have fine inlay work.,Check out the Ganesh Pol, an elephant-headed god. The Sheesh Mahal (Hall of Mirrors) has stunning inlaid mirrored patterns. One of the courtyards has elephant rides. Not my thing. But I do enjoy the views of the countryside.,Dinner with an Indian family is a nice respite from sightseeing. Our hosts, Inderviji Singh Rathmore and Usha Singh, are welcoming and loquacious. They share their family history, family pictures and give us a tour of the house plus answer my unending questions.,The next day we shop. We get the obligatory demonstrations about how patterns are transferred to silk with stencils and wood block molds. The carpet shop salesman serves us some rum (10:30 a.m.) to loosen up our wallets. Rolling out the carpets becomes fast and furious.,Later, there’s the gem shop visit. I have been through this drill so many times. I know I will become the salesman’s friend and get a very special price. Not!,Puskar Fair is a big deal to Indians and thousands of horses, camels and cattle. Transport to the fair is a camel cart with no shock absorbers or seat belts. Boarding via an old metal card table chair contributes to this once-in-a-lifetime experience, which should not be done on a full stomach.,The camel finds every road rut. Soon the space between me and the road quickly minimalizes. I only have a thin pole on which to cling. Our camel driver starts laughing as he decides he wants to race another camel. My whole life appears before me. I pray. Finally, we arrive and happily de-cart by card table chair.,The fair, brimming with pushy vendors, cows and food, is crowded chaos. Villagers come here to sell their wares, watch camel races and barter for animals. Everything is for sale here, including clothes, shoes, tools, utensils and even a jeweled bikini.,It’s possible to sign up for camel herding lessons. Camel fashion-like nose pompoms and colorful hump decorations are big sellers. Be forewarned: there are many pickpockets and “friendly people “who surround you and then rob you.,Visiting India is a wonderful experience. I can hardly wait to return and see more.,Ready to explore the beauty of India? Check out Kiwi for your best non-stop flight deals and ground transportation bundles. Then be prepared with hotel or VRBO options, insight on local attractions and the best places to eat where ever you stay with Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Find more activities, private tours and skip-the-line tickets with GetYourGuide. Book now for your adventure in India here and cancel anytime up to 24 hours before the event for a full refund.,For more information: Sita World Tours – www.sitatours.com,Visit downtown Roswell, Georgia for a true Southern experience. Here are things to do and see, where to stay and where to eat in Roswell, GA.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,I’ve lived in sunny Southern California my entire life. With the beach and mountains at my fingertips, I rarely daydream of moving to a new place. If I were to? It could easily be to downtown Roswell, Georgia.,Roswell is under 40 miles from Atlanta’s Hartsfield-Jackson Airport and boasts everything you imagine “Southern Charm” to be. I’ve had the pleasure of visiting a few times and am yearning to go once again.,What makes the suburb unique is the strong sense of community, various activities for all ages, and the impressive (or shall I say, delicious) foodie scene. Many restaurants in town continually make “Best of Atlanta” lists.,If you need a Southern getaway, read on for where to stay, eat, and what to do when you arrive in Roswell.,For a no-frills, centrally located place to rest and recharge, check into the Best Western Plus. I loved that my suite featured a work and living space. I slept like a baby in my quiet room on a King bed.,Since you’ll be enjoying a lot of great cuisine during your visit, the fridge and microwave in-room were ideal for leftovers. In the AM, enjoy breakfast included with your stay.,As the hotel adapts to current health and safety precautions, offerings will be prepackaged and tables are spread out. The menu includes hot items (eggs, sausage) and grab-and-go options like pastries, yogurt, and fruit.,Alternately look at Airbnb for a truly unique experience. You can find places like a beautifully renovated barn from the post-Civil War era converted to a gorgeous resort-like escape.,It’s in the center of all the action and a mile from historic Canton Street (more on that later). The super host has also committed to Airbnb’s enhanced cleaning protocols.,With Airbnb a popular option when traveling, I love the gems you’ll often come across.,Start your day with a gorgeous walk through Old Mill Park. Just as its name states, Old Mill Park is where the town’s first cotton mill began. Ruins remain to this day that visitors can access.,After a rainfall, enjoy the sounds of water streaming from the nearby 30 feet dam. Further up ahead, you can enjoy the calmness of the flow.,Next up, head over to the Chattahoochee Nature Center. This has become one of the highlights for me to visit when I’m in Roswell. Twelve acres await visitors, many of whom are local, with an emphasis on connecting people with nature.,You’ll have the opportunity to walk stunning trails along the Chattahoochee River, observe wildlife, even zipline.,One of my favorite aspects of the center is their Nature Exchange. Especially clever if you have little ones in tow, this program enables participants to take a closer look at what’s in their own backyard.,Find a cool feather or unique shell? Bring it in and exchange it for points and prizes.,Although I’m not much of a history buff, Roswell has a fascinating story. Pay a visit to their historic district to see beautiful Civil War era mansions. Most are now exquisite museums with docent-led tours.,Start at Bulloch Hall, home of Martha “Mittie” Roosevelt, mother to Theodore, Junior. I especially enjoyed viewing the actual letters between love birds Mittie and Theodore, Senior as they planned their wedding.,Over at Barrington Hall, dive deeper into the lives of the prestigious King Family, the founders of Roswell. A tour through this Greek revival-style mansion will transport you back to the 1800s. Artifacts and furnishings have been preserved and offer much insight into the history of this special city.,Whichever homes you tour, you’ll be in for a treat with their docents. This group of dedicated educators is the heart and soul of the city. The pride for Roswell is very clear.,While the city doesn’t lack the likes of Target and Walmart, take advantage of the boutiques along Canton Street. A “main drag,” Canton Street offers shoppers an eclectic array of shops, bars, and restaurants.,If cruising the boulevard requires a caffeinated drink in hand, look no further than Roswell Provisions. This is a coffeehouse I never miss stopping at. I adore its blend of bistro and general store. They’ve also got plenty of baked goods to pair with your drink.,Now through October, visitors can enjoy the popular Alive in Roswell community event. It’s held every third Thursday of the month and is reason enough to plan your trip in accordance.,The street is closed off to traffic and its vibrant atmosphere is infectious. There’s live music, street vendors, and most businesses and restaurants stay open late. Great for families, date night, or even a solo adventure like I enjoyed.,Ready for a break? Stop into Deep Roots Wine Market and Tasting Room. Pour yourself a glass of wine at one of the shop’s clever self-serve wine station machines. Start with a little, try a few, then easily decide which varietals you want to sip more of.,There’s a reason several of Roswell’s restaurants have made Atlanta’s “Favorites” Lists. For breakfast, I love the environment and menu options at Fellows Cafe. From lemon ricotta pancakes to huevos rancheros, you can’t go wrong with anything you try.,In the mood for something stronger than coffee? While I highly recommend their lavender latte, up your game and order a mimosa or Bloody Mary, too. Fellows is a great place to start your day and mingle with the locals.,When lunchtime rolls around, check out the Mill Kitchen and Bar. A 2020 Diner’s Choice recipient, the Mill just may have my most favorite shrimp and grits.,Those who know my love for the South know I can never find a bowl as good on the West Coast. The Mill makes you feel right at home with its Southern grace and home cooking.,Speaking of feeling right at home, reserve a table for dinner at Table and Main. A converted house on Canton Street, Table and Main is one of the finest restaurants in Roswell. It’s easy to see why it’s been mentioned in Eater Atlanta numerous times and recognized by James Beard.,Southern hospitality and generous portions of classic comfort food make up their menu. Enjoy an impressive wine, beer, and cocktail list and plenty of choices for a libation with your meal. Word of advice? Don’t leave without trying the fried chicken.,So, tell me, where will you begin when you visit Roswell, Georgia? Visit their official visitor’s website and start planning today.,Excited to explore the town of Roswell? In addition to the amazing places listed above, find more hotel and VRBO accommodations, local shop recommendations, tips on how to get around and more on TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,When you pick your dates, get the best flight deals and transportation bundles through CheapOair. Be sure to protect your trip from changing schedules, lost luggage and potential sickness by getting coverage at the best rate possible through Squaremouth.,Author’s Bio: Mary is a Los Angeles-based freelance travel writer. She’s written on her blog, Along Comes Mary, since 2012. Her work can also be found in various online outlets as well as FWT Magazine. Mary is a proud member of IFWTWA, the International Food, Wine, and Travel Writers Association. A former Executive Board Member, she currently serves on their Conference and Editorial Committees. When she’s not writing or traveling, her favorite place to be is with her husband, daughter, and their two dogs.,Thank you for your nice article on my hometown…,Since you mentioned the Mill Kitchen and Bar restaurant I thought you would get a kick out of knowing when I was growing up that building was the Roswell funeral home. It looks very much the same as it did at that time with the original hardwood floors, fireplace, and staircase all in tact. Of course the open kitchen is new.,Hope you have a opportunity to come again soon!,Explore the vineyards, castles and river valleys of Rhineland-Palate in Germany.,The Rhineland-Palatinate Region of Southwest Germany,The romantic region around Rhine and Moselle is perfect for a holiday in Germany. The area is home to carefully-preserved castles, vibrant wineries and great opportunities for hiking tours and bike holidays.,Castles and Palaces in Romantic Germany,The regions around Rhine and Moselle have more than 500 castles, castle ruins, palaces and fortresses. Fairytale castles, as well as fortified hideouts for infamous robber-barons, are set on the steep crags in the river valleys. In the past, the region played an important role in German and European history. Today it retains a vibrant feel of medieval times. Tournaments and castle fairs recreate the atmosphere of bygone days. Music and drama are performed in opulent baroque surroundings and magnificent courtly settings.,Wine & Food,Around 70 percent of all German wine is produced in Rhineland-Palatinate. Six of 13 German wine regions delight with their award-winning wines: Moselle, Middle Rhine, Ahr, Nahe, Palatinate and Rheinhessen, which include the only German “Great Wine Capital,” Mainz. Viticulture was brought to Rhineland-Palatinate by the Romans over 2,000 years ago, and nowadays, attracts wine lovers and connoisseurs more than ever.,Cycling in Germany,Cycling is a true joy in this romantic region of Germany. Long-distance bike tours follow the Rhine, Moselle, Ahr, Kyll, Lahn and Nahe rivers through stunning landscapes, to memorable cultural attractions, castles and pretty wine villages. The numerous vintners’ taverns along the cycle routes through the wine regions are the best places to sample wonderful wines and stay overnight. Dotted along the various cycle routes are cyclist-friendly accommodation providers, whose quality and affordable prices help you to get the most out of your bike tour through romantic Germany.,Hiking in Germany,The region around Rhine and Moselle offers hiking opportunities through many different landscapes. The path that begins as a gentle meadowland stroll could end with a steep clamber up a rocky trail. Rivers, hills and vineyards follow one after another. Numerous hiking trails guide you through fascinating scenery to places of historical interest. The jewels in the crown of hiking trails are no doubt the “Steige” – the long-distance hiking trails of romantic Germany. All of them follow the quality standards stipulated by the German Hikers Association in order to provide charming, top-quality hiking routes.,If You Go:,https://www.romantic-germany.info, ,Take a ride in a midnight black Cadillac hearse for a tour of Georgia’s darker side.,The night air is dry and cool, in stark contrast to the thick, humid air of daylight in Savannah, Georgia. The Spanish Moss, so majestic in the sunlight, now clings forebodingly to the branches of the imposing monuments of trees lining the cobblestone avenues.,The twilight gives the greenish-gray, hair-like strands of moss an eerie resemblance to cobwebs that drape from corners of antiquated mansions as seen in horror movies, similar to the ghostly manors we are passing. The moss obscures some of the light from the moon, casting areas around us in shadow — the perfect setting for a ghost story.,Savannah is often billed as America’s “most haunted city.” Founded in 1733 near the mouth of the Savannah River, it is Georgia’s oldest city. Many of its beautiful 18th and 19th century homes have been beautifully restored. The city’s founder, British general James Oglethorpe, planned the city in a neat series of grids with 24 shaded squares that served as meeting places and centers of business.,Twenty-one of the original squares are still in existence today, and they’re said to be some of the most haunted spots in town. Some of them were used for public hangings. Others were the historic settings of chilling tales of jealousy and murder, betrayal and vengeance. If only the old live oak trees could talk, they surely would have many a hair-raising tale to tell.,Lush sanctuaries from the hot Southern sun during the day, the squares seem especially dark and mysterious at night — a fitting backdrop for the many tours that play upon Savannah’s ghostly populace. Some of the guided walks assemble at the squares, yet I decided there is probably no better way to explore this spooky town than the way many of its restless spirits began their restless journeys — in the back of a hearse.,This October evening, I find myself in the back of a midnight-black 1984 Cadillac that had actually been used by a funeral home and a coroner. According to Nathan, our long-haired guide, for 15 years the hearse carried 3,000 bodies to their final resting places.,The hearse has been renovated for these creepy tours. Eight of us teeter on top of stools that are loosely bolted to the elevated floor in the rear of the hearse. I try not to think of who or what may have rested where I do now. As I balance myself precariously on one of the seats, the hearse starts forward with a jerk, a casualty of the often-rough lanes that make up old Savannah. The rocking motion of the chairs begins to feel normal as we bump along the streets.,We visit places of legends, cemeteries and some of the city’s most-haunted locales, such as the “Olde Pink House” (23 Abercorn Street).,Built around 1771 as a private home, today it’s a restaurant. The two-storey, rosy-hued mansion with white-columned entrance looks innocent enough.,Unsuspecting dinner patrons don’t know that this is a ghost hot-spot until resident ghost James “ladies man” Habersham Junior starts pinching female guests on their behinds. The son of the former owner seems to be obsessed with bathrooms, and is said to lock doors, flush toilets and even pull down ladies’ underwear.,Nathan gives some background on why Savannah’s dead citizens are tormented. He told us that Native Americans are rumored to be buried under Bay Street, one of Savannah’s main thoroughfares. Next, he points out a parking garage that he says was built atop a graveyard where the headstones were removed but the bodies were left behind. Savannah is beginning to sound more gruesome than gracious.,Nathan makes a stop at 12 West Oglethorpe. The house doesn’t look very inviting. The facade is somber and gloomy. The deserted interior can be seen obliquely through grimy windows. A prominent doctor lived here when a ghastly yellow fever epidemic broke out in 1820 that would eradicate a tenth of Savannah’s population.,The doctor’s wife and son begged him to leave the town, but he refused. He felt that, as a doctor, his place was in the city, where he could help. Yellow fever eventually took the lives of his wife and son. Out of his grief, and possibly guilt, the desperate doctor bricked himself up in the house and died.,This spooky edifice is special to Nathan. “This is the only place where, on one of my tours, someone successfully took a picture of a ghost.” Last summer Nathan stopped his tour in front of this house. After the guests looked around and returned to the hearse, one of the female guests reviewed her digital camera and screamed.,In the photo was the outline of a figure. He explains it could not have been a hoax because he saw the picture immediately after it was taken. He even offers to e-mail a copy to anyone who requests it.,I won’t spoil your own supernatural Savannah experience by revealing too much. Let’s just say, between Native Americans and British colonists, remorseful pirates, Revolutionary War heroes and runaway slaves, Savannah truly has an interesting array of restless souls to offer.,Nathan’s grim sense of humor fits in with the creepy tour. Commenting on how much of Savannah was built on top of existing gravesites, he says, “Just think: Standing at 12 West Oglethorpe, you stood on two to three [dead] people.”,When asked about his dubious choice of profession of driving a hearse, telling ghost stories and scaring people, Nathan disagrees that it’s “sick, twisted and morbid.”,With a grin, he responds, “I even know people who pay to sit in the back.”,If You Go,Savannah Hearse Tours,www.hearseghosttours.com,The 1½-hour tour will take you through cemeteries and Savannah’s historic district. Tickets are US$ 14 for adults and US$ 10 for children 10 and under.,Many other tour companies offer walking or bus tours, some of them ghost tours.,Savannah Convention & Visitors Bureau,www.savannahvisit.com, ,Want to learn more about Italy and San Marino? Read our helpful guide for the best places to visit along Italy’s Adriatic Coast.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,When planning a trip to Italy, many travelers gravitate to familiar destinations of Naples, Rome, Florence and Venice.  I explored these frontrunners and side-trip darlings like Pompeii, Sienna, and Pisa and soaked up the entire coastline of Sicily, from Cefalú to Catania.,I thought I had seen, tasted and wined my way through the best of Italy, but had foolishly ignored its Adriatic Coast. I recently made that seaside run, down the backside of the boot, from Venice to Italy’s most eastern point, Otranto. These fresh experiences surpassed the old favorites.      ,We traveled along the coastal route through seven, personally undiscovered, unknown locations; medieval towns perched on the craggy cliffs overlooking the Adriatic, picturesque fishing villages and off-shore islands.,We stopped to visit the Independent Republic of San Marino, tucked between the cities of Rimini and Pesaro, which earned its own pinpoint on my world travel map and its own stamp in my crammed-full passport.,I hiked up and down hills, uneven steps and cobblestoned streets, tasted the culinary delights of Puglia’s sweets, wine and olives and interacted with the locals. Let’s drift down this historic slice of Italian heritage for a glimpse of what waits to dazzle the traveler.,A 30-minute water-taxi ride to one of the main islands in the Venetian Lagoon, Burano Island with only 3000 inhabitants, provides a peaceful getaway from the chaos of Venice. As we approached the main dock, color-splashed across the landscape.,Brilliant, almost wicked pigments draped every building, Strong shades, rainbow hues of turquoise, fuchsia, emerald, sunflower, and violet exploded and no two buildings side by side displayed the same color. ,First settled by Romans during the Barbarian Invasion in 1000 A.D., Burano Island has employed the controlled system of neon-colored houses since the 6th Century. Fishermen, who struggled against the relentless morning fog, used the beacon of color to guide them back to their homes.,Even today, a request to change the paint on one’s house requires permission from the town council. ,We strolled through the deserted kaleidoscope on a brisk October morn, as the rising sun bounced off the cheerful buildings. Café owners moved tables to the sidewalk so visitors could enjoy a robust cappuccino.,It gave me chills to think we were walking in the footsteps of Leonardo da Vinci, who came here for the famed, hand-stitched lace that Burano women have been making since the 15th Century; he purchased a lace runner for the altar of the Duomo de Milano. ,I wandered into the intricate world of hand-stitched lace at Merletti dalla Olga on Plazza Galuppi. Mesmerized, I watched the shop owner and master lace-maker for over 50 years concentrate on every stitch, as she described the process which has not changed for 700 years. ,I noticed a collection of hand-made lace face masks on prominent display. A sad commentary of the times; instead of lace tablecloths, lace face coverings had become the ‘hot’ item.,The calm, colorful environs of historic Burano Island, topped off with garlic-infused Italian seafood cuisine provided a welcomed refresh from the crowded hubbub of Venice.  ,Although not directly on the coast, this medieval city is connected to the Adriatic Sea via the Candiano Canal from Porto Corsini. The capital of Ravenna Provence in the Emilia-Romagna region of Northern Italy, Ravenna City is relatively flat with banned vehicle traffic in many sections.,Walkers must beware of bikes and scooters zipping through the streets, as pedestrians seem to be considered a nuisance. My stroll turned into a harrowing, dodge from two-wheelers. ,For me, three things warrant a slight detour from the coast. Known for its well preserved late Roman and Byzantine architecture, Ravenna boasts eight UNESCO World Heritage sites. To name one, the Basilica of San Francisco marks the funeral ceremony and burial of Dante in 1321.,One can sense the influence that Dante had on this city, as both travelers and locals flock to his tomb to reflect.   ,Since the 5th Century continuing on to the present day, Ravenna is known as Italy’s City of Mosaics.,The visitor can explore the 1400-year-old Basilica di San Vitale, where mosaic tiled walls and floors remain magnificently intact or spend time at one of the many mosaic workshops where tiny shards of interlocking colored stone turn into masterpieces of commissioned artwork.,The historic art form is visible throughout the city, with mosaic motifs on the sides of buildings, street signs, and house numbers.,For me, San Marino became the country of superlatives. The smallest independent republic, an enclave of 24 sq. miles sandwiched between two Adriatic coastal towns, the oldest, founded in 301 A.D, and one of the richest constitutional democracies in the world, San Marino jumped to the most fascinating place I have visited in a long time. ,What country does one take a cable car to reach its lofty mountain location? What country has followed basically the same constitution since 1600? What country is governed by two equal heads of state from opposing parties, both serving only 6-month terms at the same time to ensure a political balance? ,Where was I thrilled to pay 5 Euros to have a silvery, national stamp glued into my passport, rather than an imperfect hand stamp? What country has no flat land, every step is either up or down, and the ultimate goal of making it to the peak of Mount Titan at 2457 feet above sea level challenges every traveler? ,What country lies within Italy’s geographic space, does not belong to the European Union, but does use the Euro as currency, its people speak and eat like Italians, but they don’t consider themselves Italian? The Republic of San Marino. My only recommendation; put this country on your ‘must go’ list.,A rival of Florence during the Renaissance, the birthplace of the artist Raphael, and a thriving hub for artists during the 15th Century, today, Urbino is a city of contrasts.,The historic center, surrounded by an expansive sandstone and brick wall sits high above the down slopes of this medieval city, with spectacular views from atop the Albornoz Fortress and the Ducal Palace.,Although one can walk there, it’s straight up. I sighed with relief to find an elevator that swooshes customers to the top for only 1 Euro.,Starting at the summit and walking down to the central car park is the only way to explore Urbino, without huffing and puffing.,A university town since 1506 with the founding of the University of Urbino, it’s a vibrant, lively place with a pulse that only young, enthusiastic students can bring. The streets murmur with the sound of chatter, as co-eds hang out at sidewalk cafés in between classes.,Countless examples of Renaissance architecture dot the winding labyrinth of narrow alleys, but it is these old structures that provide housing for thousands of university kids. I watch them glide up and down the steep-sloped streets with ease, despite their book-loaded backpacks hanging from their straight shoulders. ,I loved the buzz of this medieval town, with a center city that was hopping.,A small fishing village of only 23,000 people, Ortona draws thousands of Italian visitors in the summer who enjoy its wide expanse of white sand beaches. But for the international traveler just passing through, the Battle of Ortona between Allied Canadian troops and Nazi paratroopers in 1943 holds the greatest interest.,Due to its deep port, Ortona became paramount to the Allies’ movement up through Italy following MacArthur’s invasion of Sicily. Almost 1400 Canadian military casualties resulted from the fierce close contact fighting.,A Canadian Cemetery on the outskirts of town holds special meaning for American and Canadian visitors. Aside from an impressive 15th Century Aragon Castle, a 12th Century Ortona Cathedral, and dramatic views of the Adriatic from the malecon, I found little to keep my attention. Skip it.,A welcomed stop at the archipelago of Tremiti Islands in the Adriatic, unfolded. I felt eager to be with nature, to feel the wild side, to explore caves along the craggy island coast. Emerging from the sea near Gargano, Italy, the islands, whose name means ‘tremors’ indicate their seismic beginning.,The summer throngs of tourists gone, we relished the serene quiet of October, shimmering deserted waters and giant coastal pines swaying from off-shore breezes. Although the archipelago consists of five different pieces of real estate, two are merely rocks jutting from the sea.,The remaining three, San Nicholas, San Domino and Capraia deserve individual merit. San Nicholas, the second largest of the inhabited islands, accessible only by boat, provided dramatic views as we arrived. From shore, our eyes were drawn one and a half miles straight up to the Abbey of St. Mary of the Sea.,Even here, the jewels of exploration, the sweeping vistas, the wonderment of the abbey’s construction in 1045, requires a long climb. Amazingly, my lungs had become so accustomed to hiking up that the walk to the top seemed effortless. ,As we ascended, an outcropping of ancient buildings came into view. This historical site with its stone fortifications was home to monks since ancient times. A wooden cross erected on mosaic tiled floors of the church of Santa Maria remains the only Greek/Byzantine relic in Italy.,The cobalt sea below shimmered in the sun’s rays. We could see Capraia a short distance away. Uninhabited and wild, the waters of the natural marine park surrounding this emerged rock, serve scuba divers well. A wreck of a Roman ship from the 2nd Century B.C. is visible from the surface through the clear as glass waters.,A short boat ride took us to San Domino, the largest, most beautiful, boasting the most inhabitants and serving over 100,000 tourists every summer.,We walked up through the forest of coastal pines, passing now deserted cottages and campsites and spotted turquoise splashes peeking between the fir boughs at every turn.,The beauty caught my breath, the privilege of travel humbled me, and I felt startled by the peace of the breeze whistling through the pines. ,There has to be a favorite and Monopoli stole those honors and my heart. An important seaport on the heel of the boot dates back to its founding in 500B.C. by the Greeks.,Sun-kissed, whitewashed buildings with clay-tiled roofs, fishermen mending their nets by the wharf, and sounds of a strolling musician playing the accordion unfolded.,Situated on the Adriatic shore in the beautiful region of Puglia, the level terrain and sandy beaches came as a delightful surprise.,Secret winding alleyways begged me to get lost, flowers tumbled down from window boxes, and the 1693 Cathedral urged me to linger, which I did and witnessed a local’s wedding. The scenes had the hallmarks of a painting; the feel of a romantic, storybook setting.,The historic center opened to a huge piazza surrounded by outdoor restaurants, cafes and trendy shops. The historic center opened to a huge piazza surrounded by outdoor restaurants, cafes and trendy shops.,Plates piled high with fresh seafood and the aroma of garlic and olives wafting through the air, lured us to taste the fruits of southern Italy. It was my birthday.,The celebration of the sights, sounds, and tastes of Monopoli will never wane. The celebration of the sights, sounds, and tastes of Monopoli will never wane.,Our discovery journey down Italy’s Adriatic coast ended in Otranto, the easternmost point on the Italian mainland. It is here that the Adriatic joins the Ionian Sea and the strait separates Italy from Albania.,Due to its unique location, Otranto, originally a Roman city has seen violent take-overs and occupations over centuries by the Byzantine Empire, the Ottoman Turks, Spain and France.,The Argonese Castle and the 1088 Cathedral of St, Maria Assunte, which boasts one of the largest and most detailed mosaic floors in the world, remain the historical highlights. The city center feels vibrant with shops, restaurants and outside cafes and incredible views of unending sandy beaches along the coast. ,For me, the favorite landscape emerged on the outskirts of town, as miles of olive orchards stretched through the fertile hills Arrevidercie, to Italy’s Adriatic coast.,Ready to go on a historic Italian adventure along the Adriatic coast? Start planning your trip with insider tips on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,If you want to plan even more fun along your coastal journey, check out GetYourGuide. Find unique activities, skip-the-line tickets for museums and expert-led tours here.,For the best flight deals, train tickets and car rental options, use OMIO Travel Partner.,Read about other exciting destinations:,During this 8-day horseback riding safari in Rajasthan, India, riders on majestic Marwari horses cover 160 miles across the Thar Desert.,The adventure began before we even arrived at our destination in Rajasthan, India. Racing through the twisting narrow back allies of Delhi, we were late.,Our train to Ganganagar was leaving in 10 minutes and we hadn’t made it through the swarm of Delhi traffic to the train station. We rounded a corner and came to a screeching halt as the road ahead was completely closed off at the intersection with no hope of a resolution any time soon.,Honking horns, a constant accompaniment to Delhi traffic, now rose to a crescendo of cacophonic sounds as frustrated drivers expressed their annoyance.,“Out! Out!” our guide shouted, and we leapt from the van and ran through the street. We were weaving around vehicles, which bolted forward erratically to gain inches, trying to maneuver their way free of the jam, while we stayed alert to avoid being bumped or hit.,Some drivers called out to us in Hindi words we only understood by their tone. Blindly following our guide, using our adrenaline to power us through the crowd, we made it to the train and our sleeper cars minutes before departure and hoped that the bags coming behind us on porters made it, too.,Awaiting us in Hanumangarh, a short distance from Ganganagar, was the Bhatner Horse Fair, a once-a-year festival to celebrate, compete and market the famed Marwari breed indigenous to India and unlike any other breed worldwide.,Missing our train would have meant missing the fair and it was an event that we planned our entire Rajasthan riding safari around.,The next morning, we arrived at the fair. It was the last day and while most of the events were completed, we discovered that we were the main attraction as they rarely had foreigners, and there were no other women there.,We were given the red-carpet treatment since we were accompanied by Raghuvendra Singh Dundlod, affectionately known as Bonnie, a nobleman of the Shekhawati clan and reputed to be the savior of the Marwaris.,He has dedicated his life to the promotion and protection of the breed, which he considers the true ambassador of Rajput culture and heritage.,We were followed by a beehive of fair attendees, drawn to us like honey, and even interviewed by the in Rajasthan, India local media.,It became clear that our presence held so much more value than just our own education and enjoyment; we could offer support to Bonnie’s cause through our words and interest, as well as in undertaking the week-long safari to showcase these beautiful steeds to his countrymen.,The next day we greeted our horses and mounted into traditional military saddles. The horses were proudly adorned with cloth martingales baring the rich red and saffron colors of Dundlod Fort, and the ride began past sheep herds along the Indira Gandhi Canal.,These majestic horses, with warrior spirits, known for their stamina and power were the perfect partners for our eight-day safari across 160 miles of desert. We rode through the heart of Rajasthan, across the Thar Desert, far from the bustling cities of the Golden Triangle, now populated by robust crops of millet and mustard enabled by the newly built canal system.,The route was a new one, as each year the progress of India’s roads, establishment of new agricultural fields and corresponding fences create the need for a different trail. We passed through villages that had never been visited by foreigners.,Women and children came rushing from all directions to shout “Hi” and “Hello” and shyly wave at us. We were followed for miles by young men on motorcycles whose English focused on the word “selfie” as they came armed with their cell phones to take pictures of this unusual parade of noble horses and white-skinned foreigners.,We were welcomed guests wherever we traveled.,Our first night by the village of Raika Ki Dhani, we were greeted by dozens of villagers who came to watch us. They observed us sharing chai and papadum, a crispy tortilla-like bread spiced with pepper whose flavor snaps in your mouth just like the texture, as we sat around the fire and chatted about our day.,Bonnie regaled us with entertaining tales from his many adventures, such as the time his group was almost attacked by misinformed villagers who thought they were  hunting the villagers’ sacred antelope.,The locals stood quietly, respectfully, yards away and crept ever closer like sandhill cranes, en masse one step at a time, until the camp staff intervened.,In the morning, the son of the landowner on whose ground we camped stopped by to request our presence at their home in the village so we could meet the women. We delightedly accepted and drove to their brick and adobe home in the village. Many generations live together, and women join the family home of their husbands.,When we arrived, there were a dozen people, and when we left many dozens, as villagers heard of our presence and joined the gathering. The women are beautiful, graceful and shy, but so friendly and welcoming.,It didn’t take long to bridge the language barrier as they let us hold their children, shake their hands and take many pictures together. We aren’t sure who enjoyed it more. We were all wearing smiles that transformed our souls and changed us forever by the time we left.,Our ride through the desert was swift and with many fast canters, lined up side by side on a sandy two track, with every horse competing to be in front. Astride the powerful Marwari, thundering through the desert is an experience in which your soul is freed, and you are in the moment, feeling like you are riding on the wings of warriors past.,You hope the ride never stops, and if it were up to Koel, my lovely Marwari mare, it wouldn’t. She is a successful endurance horse that can go forever and is pleased to show you her power and speed.,Animals are esteemed in India. Cows, dogs and even pigs are considered holy and roam freely throughout India, including the cities. Drivers don’t honk at them, even though they honk at everything else.,The animals feast on grass and garbage or food provided by shopkeepers or families. While those of us in first-world countries drive through our suburban neighborhoods expecting to see the standard home with two-car garages and the glow of multiple TVs, we saw much different things as we passed each home in the village.,A courtyard with a camel that served as the beast of burden pulling carts of supplies or crops; a few water buffalo that provide milk; a dog or two; and likely sheep or goats for milk and meat. These precious animals, so essential for survival, are well cared for in a country known for its poverty.,Life is simple in the villages. Days are repetitive and the work is essential –laundry, gathering fuel, cooking and tending fields. Our presence in the villages provided some respite from the day-to-day existence.,Often, a young boy would lead the way through town shooing goats, cows or other animals out of our path and showing us the way to the community water trough so our horses could have a refreshing break, feeling pleased with his important role.,Unlike the cities with their explosion of people and constant stench created by the recipe of uncontrolled diesel fumes, sewage and trash, the villages in Rajasthan, India were peaceful and calm. Here the smells were not of diesel but of livestock.,Camels, so common in courtyards and hitched to carts, are ruminants. They chew and swallow their food into rumens where it is fermented, then burp it back up into their mouths later for more chewing.,It smells a bit like a compost heap on a warm desert day. Cow patties are the most common source of fuel and they are being shaped by bare hands, then dried for use, usually within the courtyard or sometimes on the roof.,Inexplicably, these smells weren’t offensive, as they seemed harmonious with the way of life and the use of the land and its resources. For this Midwestern equine enthusiast, the earthiness that filled the air was far preferable to the gagging stench and pollution of the city.,We rode for six to eight hours a day, stopping for a break mid-day for lunch and a rest, avoiding the hottest sun of the day. Just before lunch, Bonnie’s staff raced ahead of us in the “gypsy” Jeep to set up a small camp, with chairs and sleeping pads and to prepare the food — a buffet of vegetarian delicacies, such as dal and curry-flavored vegetables with steamed rice and endless chapatis.,We were reliably greeted by villagers or passers-by, a camel driver or young lads on their bikes, as we rested. Our biggest challenge was in finding an appropriate and private spot for a comfort break without being observed.,Our eight-day ride through the desert was not  for the inexperienced. For those seasoned riders who have come to believe they have tried it all, this ride surpasses expectations—not just because of the majesty of the Marwaris but for the combination of culture, history and riding, which is unparalleled.,I had worked up to this event by riding through other countries, from Europe to Africa, and the magic of this ride transcends them all.,The Marwaris, which drew us to India like snake charmers beckon cobras, were everything we expected and more. We learned that they are banned from exportation, which is leading to declines in the quality and popularity of the breed. The future of the Marwaris has become our new cause as we have so much respect for these amazing animals.,The days included challenge and leisure, hardship and comfort, and speed and stillness, which have come to define India to me. It is a country of contrasts—from city to village; from western dress to traditional kurtas and saris; from Muslim to Hindu; and from ancient to modern buildings and customs.,It is a country with many possibilities and it was exciting to experience first-hand the range of the country’s legacy and promise for its future.,Author Bio: Margaret Reynolds is a speaker, author, and advisor to organizations on improving business performance and increasing revenue growth. She is an avid competitive trail rider, winning back to back National Championships with NATRC in 2017 and 2018. Every year she and her adventurous friends find a new country to explore on horseback.,Archaeology meets weight loss! The path to ancient sites takes you through knee-deep mud — but it may feel like you’re in over your head.,We rest after a day of strenuous hiking and listen as one of our guides, Maria, sings a Spanish song while she molds maize tortillas. She places them on a rusty sheet of iron atop small adobe mounds that resemble mini Maya ruins. Wood embers glow underneath.,As darkness descends upon the Maya Biosphere Reserve here in Guatemala’s northernmost region of El Petén, the song of insects and critters fills the air of this intact tropical rain forest.,Sixty-year-old José, our other trail guide, smiles toothlessly and leans his head against a rock pillow for a rare rest, after leading our group of three through this muddy lowland jungle with the agility of a wildcat. Soon, he tends to three pack horses and two saddled horses, before pitching tents to bed down for the night. The riding horses serve as emergency relief in the event of injury or simple exhaustion.,My wife Mare and I, along with brother-in-law Mike, had to dig down deep for strength. After seven straight hours of hiking through mostly knee-deep mud, we learned to either keep moving or sink. Deep in the jungle we have no communication with the outside world.,Nobody has a cell phone or GPS (Global Positioning System) receiver. A nine-hour day of mudding tomorrow promises to bring us to the ancient metropolis of El Mirador, where we will explore the unexcavated ruins believed to be the highest pyramids in Mesoamerica — El Tigre (180 feet; 55 m) and La Danta (236 feet; 72 m).,Initially we had planned to spend time on the numerous one- or two-day excursions available throughout the Northern Péten area. However, a guidebook passage challenged us, noting that the trek to El Mirador was “not for the faint of heart,” with “rudimentary conditions” (no toilets, beds, no cold beverages in the humid heat); relentless biting insects; and knee-deep mud; yet it was mentioned as an “unforgettable journey.”,It sounded like a good idea at the time, but now we feel that we might be in over our heads.,Maria and José stopped chicle farming several years ago to work as local guides. We met them in their small village of Carmelita, close to the Mexican border. Carmelita is one of the main local gateway communities and our departure point for the organized five-day hike through about 20 miles (32 km) of uninterrupted jungle to El Mirador.,The Global Heritage Fund is trying to protect 525,100 acres (2,125 km²) of rain forest as an Archaeological and Wildlife Preserve in the heart of the Maya Biosphere from logging and looting, in part by making it more lucrative for locals to work as guides rather than to extract chicle, resin used for making chewing gum, from chicozapote trees.,According to the World Wildlife Fund, the entire Maya Biosphere Reserve, a nature reserve about twice the size of Yellowstone National Park, has lost 70 percent of its forests in the last 10 years. Securing UNESCO World Heritage designation for the area is another goal.,At camp, José tells me a long tale in Spanish. Our guides speak Spanish only, and I speak Spanish like Tarzan. We laugh together, slap each other on the shoulder, hug and kiss cheeks and form a nonverbal bond, instead.,We laugh while moving gingerly on sore legs under a palm-thatched shelter. Maria hands us fresh tortillas wrapped around left-over lunch baloney and scrambled eggs. She laughs with us.,Sweaty, stinky and sticky, Mare and I retire for the night on a thin foam roll inside a small tent. Howler monkeys rummage around the campsite. It’s too hot to sleep and too dark and scary outside the tent. A cool rain soothes us into slumber at around 2 a.m. in the morning.,The 6 a.m. wake-up call comes quickly. Little things, like brushing your teeth, become quite a chore when using water sparingly. It strikes me as an irony to haul water into the rain forest.,Saintly Maria has coffee ready, along with a mixture of oatmeal and hominy. We hike in the soothing rain and prepare mentally for more hours of sore legs. Of course, the rain produces more mud.,We attempt to avoid the pools of water that fill the three-foot-deep (91 cm) postholes the horses’ hooves leave behind. Thick jungle borders each side of the swampy trail; we grab trees with one hand and swing around each step.,We keep one eye on the forest, especially after the first grab of a thorny tree. The other eye focuses on the mud, where strategic placement of a step takes precedence. Our hearts pound as if running a marathon while sweat soaks every inch of skin.,We laugh when the horse’s hooves pull from the mud and make gunshot sounds. Or when Mike cannot walk any longer and José puts him on a pack horse, and then a vine wraps around his neck and pulls him flat onto his back into the mud. Twice.,“Lodo! Lodo! Mucho Lodo!” (“Mud! Mud! Lots of mud!”) becomes our chant. We stop only for lunch — canned tuna on maize tortillas, which tastes much better than it sounds.,Finally we reach El Mirador. José and Maria have barely broken a sweat, yet we can hardly bend to remove our mud-caked hiking apparel to slip into shorts and sandals.,From out of nowhere, we hear a helicopter. Maria and Mare run up a steep hill toward it. I try to run but cannot, so I limp along with Mike.,“Get us out of here!” I yell to Mare. I look at Mike and say, “I’ll pay anything for a ride.”,A group of archaeologists from Boston exit the chopper. “Hello, I’m Dr. Richard Hansen,” a tall, muddy footed man in a beige jungle outfit says. We all introduce ourselves.,Dr. Hansen looks at Mare’s rash-covered legs and says, “There’s a cure for that. Bite on a stick and spray insect repellent on the rash.”,Mare takes his advice. It helps a bit.,After another night in tents and a breakfast of cabbage soup and coffee, we climb La Danta and El Tigre, up-to-18-stories-high jungle-covered hills hiding unexcavated temples underneath. We stand on small limestone platforms on the top and see an infinite canopy of trees in all directions.,Several mounds are all I can see of this earliest and largest preclassic Maya archeological site that at one time housed 80,000 residents in 26 cities linked by highways.,According to the Global Heritage Fund, Mirador’s spectacular monuments are more numerous and larger than those found at nearby Tikal National Park, and predate the Classic Maya sites of Tikal by 800 to 1,200 years.,The cities are believed to have been abandoned around A.D. 50, and they were only rediscovered in 1926. Scientists consider El Mirador to be the “Cradle of Maya Civilization.” The Global Heritage Fund plans to restore eight of the major temples in the complex.,Maria lights logs in the Maya ruin oven while I help José pitch the tents. The next morning presents us with two more days of mudding our way back. We have become champion mudders as we face nine hours of mudding on the fourth day and seven on the fifth. Finally we reach Carmelita.,Here we meet the families of our new friends and share a meal of grizzly thin steak, along with laughs and hugs. José and Maria will lead another excursion in two days. Mare, Mike and I and I jump into a van for the three-hour, bumpy ride back to the city of Flores, capital of Petén, about 50 miles (80 km) away, for a long-overdue shower.,I lost 10 pounds (4.5 kg) in five days.,If You Go,Guatemalan Tourism Commission,www.visitguatemala.com,Global Heritage Fund: El Mirador,www.globalheritagefund.org,Foundation for Anthropological Research and Environmental Studies: Mirador Basin,www.miradorbasin.com,We made all arrangements for this through the Tikal Connection. The price is US$ 367 per person for a group of three trekkers; the more people in a group the better the rate. January through August is the best time for the hike, as other months are even more wet and rainy.,Tikal Connection Tours,www.tikalcnx.com, ,Immerse yourself in a world of artistic masterpieces, incredible food, history and architecture with these top things to do in Florence, Italy.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Welcome to one of the largest trading and cultural hubs of medieval Europe.,Florence is one of the most popular city break destinations in Italy. It is also the most populated city of Tuscany, an Italian region known for picturesque green hills and top wines.,Once used as a Roman army camp, Florence was raised to one of the wealthiest European cities during the renaissance art and architectural period in the Middle Ages.,Thanks to these flourishing periods, Florence has many beautiful medieval buildings and museums. Some of them are city landmarks, like 84 meters tall Giotto’s bell tower on the Piazza Duomo and 16th century Forte di Belvedere. In addition, you can find the magnificent palaces of the powerful medieval Medici family.,There are also many galleries where you can see some of the most significant works. You will see sculptures and paintings of Michelangelo, Leonardo and other greats of Renaissance art.,If you want to explore the amazing renaissance artworks you can visit Bargello National Museum or medieval churches, with impressive frescoes and mosaics.,However, one of the top things you can do in Florence is a walking tour to the Piazzale Michelangelo, in search of the best panoramic view of the city.,Furthermore, you can take a break from exploring museums or enjoying walking tours and taste exquisite Tuscany wines. Or try a traditional dish at some of the many restaurants and cafes in the city center.,From Florence, you can also go on a day trip to Siena, Pisa and Cinque Terre. Alternately, go on a wine tasting experience in the Tuscany countryside.,To get you started, here is a list of 10 awesome things to do in Florence, Italy,Did you know that The Galleria dell ‘Accademia di Firenze is the home of the statue of David? This is the most famous sculpture in the world.,Other pieces include Michelangelo’s  Bartolini’s “Scorpion nymph” and the “Filippo Brunelleschi” statue made by Luigi Pampaloni. Plus many more great Renaissance works of art.,At this amazing art gallery, you can also discover a large collection of medieval paintings. There are works of Botticelli, Lippi, Gaddi and other significant Florentine artists.,In the Department of Musical instruments, you can find the private collections of the Medici and Lorraine families. Some of the most popular items are a violin made by Antonio Stradivari and a piano built by Bartolomeo Cristofori.,Uffizi Gallery is one of the most popular art museums in the world, with 1.5 million visitors annually. It is situated in a 16th-century building on the Piazza Della Signoria.,The gallery houses huge collections of Renaissance paintings. You can explore masterpieces by famous artists such as Titian, Giotto, Raphael, Leonardo da Vinci, Caravaggio and Rembrandt.,On the building’s facade, you can see many statues of the rulers, artists and other famous people from medieval times. These include Francesco Petrarca, Dante Alighieri, Machiavelli and Galileo Galilei.,The Ponte Vecchio is one of the most iconic Florence landmarks. This medieval stone bridge was built in the 14th century to cross over the river Arno.,It connects the Piazza del Duomo on one side with the Palazzo Pitti and Basilica Santo Spirito on the other. Along the 95-meter-long bridge there are many jewelry and souvenir shops.,In the evening, you can check out some of the restaurants and pubs near the Ponte Vecchio. Or just enjoy the view of the Arno River.,Did you know that the grandiose Pitti Palace was once the residence of the grand-ducal Medici family? It was constructed in the 15th century and today it hosts the Palatine Gallery.,On display are a collection of paintings, the Treasury of the Grand Dukes, the Gallery of the Modern Art and the Royal Apartments.,In the left-wing of the Palazzo Pitti, you can explore the Museum of Costume and Fashion with costumes from significant movies and theater shows.,Behind the Pitti Palace, is the lovely Boboli gardens, the biggest park area in Florence. Enjoy a stroll around the fountains and sculptures with a peaceful ambiance.,The Florence Cathedral or the Cattedrale di Santa Maria del Fiore is the symbol of Florence. It is a gorgeous Gothic building from the 13th century with a magnificent hall, wonderful mosaics and the beautiful Giorgio Vasari frescoes.,However, that’s not all the cathedral has to offer – majestic Brunelleschi’s dome is also worth visiting. If you want to climb to the top, brace yourself, there are more than 400 steps and no elevator. But the view alone is worth the climb.,Together with the Baptistery and the Giotto’s Campanile, the Florence Cathedral has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,You can get a guided tour of the cathedral and climb to the top of the cupola for a gorgeous view of Florence.,Piazza Della Signoria is the main square in Florence. It is situated near the town hall of Palazzo Vecchio. Over the centuries, it was the political center of the city and the meeting place for locals.                     ,You can find several important buildings in the Piazza Della Signoria square. There are Loggia dei Lanzi, Palazzo Uguccioni and the well-known Uffizi Gallery.,Numerous statues adorn the square. You can see marble statues of Medici Lions, a sculpture of Hercules and Cacus, the Fountain of Neptune and a replica of Michelangelo’s David.,In addition to galleries and museums, Florence is home to some beautiful medieval churches.,Santa Maria Novella is a gothic church with more than half a million visitors each year. You can visit the entire complex. This includes the Basilica of Santa Maria Novella with frescoed chapels and Museo di Santa Maria Novella.,We also recommend visiting the Romanesque church of San Miniato al Monte. It was built from the 11th to 13th century. The whole complex is enclosed by defensive walls.,The exterior is embellished with green and white marble. Furthermore, there is a fantastic view of the city from the hill on which it sits.,Did you know that The Basilica of Santa Croce is the biggest Franciscan church in the world? Its construction began in the 13th century. It sits on the Piazza di Santa Croce, near the Duomo. Inside there are 16 chapels with frescoes by Gaddi, Giotto and Donatello.,Also inside the basilica, you can find the beautiful altar and the tombs of famous Florentines. In addition, the Basilica of Santa Croce is the burial place of Machiavelli, Galileo, Rossini and Michelangelo. Therefore, people call it the “Pantheon of Florence”.,On the first floor of the historic San Lorenzo market, you can find the Mercato Centrale. There are many stalls with fish, meat, fruit, vegetables, olive oil and cheese. You can also find cafes and a section with gelatos, chocolates and Italian wines.,In addition, there is a large area with many tables and 500 seats, where you can enjoy food prepared by artisans. Choose from pizza, pasta, sushi, Chinese food, or enjoy a traditional Tuscan meal.,If you want to learn more about the local cuisine, there is a cooking school with courses in Italian and English. San Lorenzo market is also a good place to shop for souvenirs.,Seria A is the major Italian football league and one of the best football leagues in Europe. Football club Fiorentina from Florence was a double champion of Italy in the past and is known for its arch rivalry with FC Juventus. Roberto Baggio and Gabriel Batistuta are some of the most famous football legends that played for the club from Florence.,Fiorentina plays domestic matches at Artemio Franchi stadium, built in 1931. It hosted World Cup matches in 1934 and 1990. Also, it has hosted musical events, such as the concerts of  Madonna, Bruce Springsteen and David Bowie.,Artemio Franchi stadium is one of the most important buildings constructed in the 20th century in Florence. The stadium is only 2 km from the city center, so you can easily reach it on foot.,Start planning your sensational vacation to Florence, Italy today. Get prepared for your adventure with insider tips on the best shops, hotel and VRBO reservations, local restaurant favorites and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan even more fun in Italy by booking some unique Florence activities, foodie experiences, expert-led tours and skip-the-line tickets to major attractions through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,For the ultimate flight deals, train tickets and car rental options, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,Be sure to bring luggage that can handle all of your shopping journeys as Florence is one of the best shopping sites in the world. Find stylish, durable and expandable travel bags and accessories at AWAY. See their top-rated selection here.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,Breath-taking cathedrals, hillside vineyards, traditional cuisine and majestic coastal cities make Italy one of the most interesting destinations to explore. Here’s our list of the top 10 things to do when you visit Italy.,Italy has a rich cultural heritage, with many museums, galleries, cathedrals and beautiful old towns. In the region of Umbria, you can see endless olive groves and vineyards. Sardinia has beautiful beaches and is a true Mediterranean jewel.,You can conquer the mountain peaks of the Alps and the Dolomites in the north of the country. In Bologna, you will find the oldest European university. Besides, you can see many important Roman and ancient Greek archeological remains.,Ready to start? Enjoy your tour of amazing Italy!,The Italian capital is the home of the ancient ruins from the Roman Empire, lovely museums, cathedrals and beautiful baroque buildings. You can start your tour of the Eternal City from the Colosseum. This large arena, which once received 50,000 visitors, was the central place where spectacular gladiator fights were held.,The best way to feel ancient Rome’s ambiance is to visit Palatine Hill and the Roman Forum. Those famous archeological sites were once an important political, social and commercial center of the Roman Empire. You can also visit the Pantheon, one of the best-preserved buildings of Imperial Rome. It used to serve as a Roman temple; today, you can explore the interior and admire the beautiful architecture and perfection of proportions.,The Vatican, the smallest country in the world, is within the city of Rome. Vatican City is the seat of the Pope. It also houses the amazing St. Peter’s Basilica, Sistine Chapel and the Vatican Museums, where you can see masterpieces of Michelangelo, Bernini, Raphael and other eminent Italian artists.,Rome is full of distinctive places, which you have to visit if you want to experience this city in the right way. You will be delighted by the baroque art in the Museo di Roma and the Renaissance sculptures in the Galleria Borghese.,Piazza Navona has many cafes and restaurants, where you can enjoy gelato, pizza, pasta and espresso. You can also take a ride by Vespa with a guide and explore Rome from another perspective.,To end your visit to Rome, toss a coin in the Trevi Fountain. A legend that says if you make three wishes, one of which is to return to Rome, all your wishes will come true. ,What a brilliant place! Florence is a paradise for art and architecture lovers. You can find the most beautiful museums and galleries in the world in this capital of the Tuscany region. ,Michelangelo’s famous statue of David is in Florence. You can see this masterpiece in the Galleria dell’Accademia. Also, visit the Uffizi Gallery at Piazza Della Signoria, where you can admire the works of Botticelli, Titian, Leonardo Da Vinci and other famous Renaissance artists.,Palazzo Pitti is a magical place with galleries where you can see the most beautiful Renaissance artworks, stunning frescoes and works by Caravaggio and Rubens. Piazzale Michelangelo is set on a hill between Palazzo Pitti and Boboli Gardens and offers the most beautiful Florence views. Don’t forget famous architectural sites like Ponte Vecchio bridge and Palazzo Vecchio. ,Florence is also home to significant religious buildings such as the Basilica of Santa Croce, the Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore, also known as Duomo, and the Basilica of Santa Maria Novella.,You can visit excellent museums and exciting places as part of day trips from Florence to other picturesque Tuscan towns. Don’t miss the Civic Museum in Siena, the leaning tower of Pisa, and high-grade wineries in Chianti.,Milan is known for its luxury boutiques and fashion weeks. You can find stores of the most famous fashion brands in Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II, on the Piazza del Duomo.,On the same square is the Milan Cathedral (Duomo di Milan), one of the world’s largest cathedrals, which took almost 600 years to build. You will be fascinated by the  incredible details on the facade, as well as in the interior. The view from the terrace of this gothic cathedral is fantastic.,In Milan, you can also see La Scala, the Milan opera house, a grand concert hall. In addition to an excellent music repertoire, you can also enjoy the beautiful interior. In addition, you can visit the Museum of La Scala to learn more about opera and musical instruments.,Museum-lovers will be delighted with Sforza Castle (Castello Sforzesco), located in the city center, where you can visit several museums, like the Museum of Ancient art, the Egyptian Museum and the Antique Furniture and Wooden Sculpture Museum. Behind this castle lies the Parco Sempione, a large green area with paths for walking and cycling.,The Leonardo Da Vinci Museum of Science and Technology is housed in a medieval monastery and features an exhibition dedicated to Da Vinci and his inventions. You can also see many scientific and technological subjects that have changed the world industry, aviation and transport.,Milan is also home to one of the most famous football (soccer) stadiums in the world. San Siro Stadium is known for its high towers and a capacity of as many as 80,000 visitors. In the museum inside the stadium building, you can learn more about the history of two local football giants – AC Milan and FC Inter.,Venice, Italy is a city of magnificent architecture and rich history. It is located on 118 small islands, between which is a network of canals. The Grand Canal is known for its numerous boats and gondoliers that take tourists on a lagoon tour. The gondola ride in Venice is one of the items on the bucket list of many travel enthusiasts.,The Grand Canal has four bridges, of which the Rialto Bridge is the most famous. It’s one of the landmarks of Venice and worth the visit.,Gorgeous St. Mark’s Basilica, situated at St. Mark’s Square, is filled with beautiful frescoes and Byzantine decorations. Also, you can visit nearby Doge’s Palace, o the seat of local rulers. Today, it’s open to visitors to admire its lovely interior.,You can also discover two of the most beautiful Venetian islands: Burano, famous for lace making and featuring colorful houses; and Murano, known for its glass-blowing demonstrations and sales shops.,To get the most out of your trip, learn how to make conversation in Italian! Check out Babbel to learn Italian with lessons that can be customized to fit your schedule and level of practice. Find the Italian lesson deals and other language options here.,If you’re craving pizza, this is the place to be. Pizza originates from Naples, Italy. Neapolitan pizza masters will delight you with top-quality pizzas of different tastes. Before you come to the pizzeria for dinner, use the day to explore Naples’s exciting places and surroundings.,At Cappella Sansevero, you can see beautifully painted interiors and impressive sculptures. The Naples main square, Piazza del Plebiscito, is home to several outstanding  buildings, such as the Basilica Royal and the Royal Palace.,For the most beautiful view of Naples and the surrounding area, climb Mount Vesuvius. A hiking tour to this volcano is not complicated, and you will be rewarded with a wonderful view of Naples bay. This volcano eruption led to the destruction of the cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum.,You can visit these places with local guides and see what they looked like at the time because the ashes protected them from decay.,Book your tour from Naples around Pompeii and Vesuvius for the day here.,From Naples, you can take a boat to Capri, one of the most beautiful Mediterranean islands. Its rocky shores also hide the fantastic Blue Grotto Sea Cave, which is very attractive due to the specific blue color of the water.,You can also visit beautiful places along the nearby Amalfi Coast, such as Sorrento, Salerno, Positano and Ravello. Because of its incredible natural beauty, the Amalfi Coast has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,Puglia is a region in the south of Italy. This area was once ruled by the Greeks, as evidenced by archeological sites and the local population’s Greek dialect. The Puglia region has the longest coastline of all Italian regions and many stunning beaches, so it is a favorite holiday destination for many Italians.,Bari is the largest city in the region, with a beautiful promenade by the sea and a large public beach. The trademark of the town is the impressive Basilica of San Nicola. In the fairytale town of Alberobello, the tiny Trulli houses will charm you. This place is completely unreal and very photogenic.,Lecce is the most beautiful city in the south of Italy. It will surely remind you of Florence because of the magnificent baroque palaces and cathedrals. Among all these beautiful buildings, the Basilica di Santa Croce stands out with its grace.,Due to the stone churches and houses that locals built on the rock, the town of Matera is a frequent setting for many movies. Matera is under UNESCO’s protection due to its rich cultural and historical heritage and is the European Capital of Culture for 2019.,Most of Puglia’s places have an old town, with narrow streets and numerous small shops, cafes and restaurants. The whole area is also known for its old olive groves, from which top-quality olive oil is made.,You can spice up your tour of Puglia with a visit to Polignano a Mare and lunch or dinner in a restaurant located in a semi-open cave, with a beautiful sea view.,Cinque Terre National Park is located in the Liguria region in northwestern Italy and is one of the most attractive destinations in the Mediterranean.,You can explore five villages in this area on the Tyrrhenian Sea’s shores, with colorful houses built on cliffs. These villages are Manarola, Vernazza, Riomaggiore, Corniglia and Monterosso al Mare.,The villages have preserved their charm and are not overly commercialized. Since the streets are narrow and there is not enough parking space, you can easily reach them by train from La Spezia, in just 10-15 minutes. Apart from Corniglia, you can also go to all other places by boat.,All these villages are similar, with charming houses and breathtaking sea views. However, you’ll need comfortable shoes because a lot of walking awaits you.,Take a walk through the narrow streets and climb the stairs to the lookout. You will enjoy the fantastic view of the blue sea.,Stop by one of the small restaurants and try the local cuisine. You will be delighted with the flavors of Italy in the seafood specialties, pasta and bruschettas.,Enjoy your meals to the fullest by working them off by booking a guided hiking tour around Cinque Terre here.,Lake Como is one of the deepest lakes in Europe, with a depth of up to 410 meters (1,345 feet). It is located in the north of Italy, in the region of Lombardy. You can even sunbathe and swim here during the summer months because Lake Como has several lovely beaches. When weather conditions allow, you can go windsurfing and sailing.,On the shores of Lake Como, you will see several beautiful villas. They are known for their attractively landscaped gardens, of which Villa Monastero and Villa Balbianello stand out for their beauty.,To fully enjoy Lake Como’s natural beauty, you can take a boat tour from the picturesque town Bellagio. You will enjoy the view of the beautiful surroundings and greenery.,Sail around the gorgeous lake and see all of the coastal city on a guided sailing tour with GetYourGuide. Book your dates here.,With a guided tour, you can visit Isola Comacina, the only island on Lake Como, as well as the beautiful places of Tremezzina, Varenna and Como. You can see the Gothic cathedral in Como and the Como Archaeological Museum, which houses certain objects, pottery and jewelry from ancient times.,You can reach the best view points of Lake Como from most places in Italy by funicular train. Brunate is a small town on a hill, from where you will have a breathtaking view. Don’t forget to try the local Lombardy specialties. We recommend buckwheat pasta pizzoccheri and risotto with lake fish.,You are probably familiar with Verona from Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet. Like other visitors, visit Casa di Giulietta. Stand under the famous balcony or take a picture next to the statue of Julia.,The Arena di Verona is a well-preserved Roman amphitheater similar to the Colosseum, with a capacity of 30,000 visitors. Today, significant musical events are held in the Arena. If your visit to Verona, Italy coincides with a concert, this is an excellent opportunity to see the marvelous arena in full glory.,If you want to learn more about medieval times, visit Castel Vecchio, which was established in the 14th century to defend the city. Take a tour of the museum inside the castle, and see the beautiful Castle Vecchio bridge just next to the castle.,The Basilica of San Zeno is known as the place where Romeo and Juliet got married. It is worth a visit because of the extraordinary architecture. Visit a beautiful Giusti Garden on the east bank of the Adige River. After visiting all the sights, have a cup of espresso at Piazza Delle Erbe.,Lake Garda is only half an hour away from Verona. It is suitable for a day trip, and you will surely enjoy a boat ride on the lake.,Take a day to relax and enjoy the flavors of Verona on the Amarone Wine Trail tour. Book here and cancel anytime before the event for a refund.,If you are searching for a unique experience, conquer Mount Etna. It hides the highest active volcano in Europe, which is the most prominent landmark of Sicily.,In the Valley of Temples Agrigento in southwest Sicily, you can see the remains of exceptionally well-preserved ancient Greek temples. This place is considered the most significant archeological park globally and has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,In the northeast of Sicily, you can see the remains of the ancient Greek theater in Taormina and the one in the city of Siracusa. You can also visit Palermo, the largest Sicilian town, and Savoca, the most beautiful Italian village. Besides important cultural and historical sites, you can also enjoy extraordinary Sicilian beaches, like Mondello and Fontano Bianche.,Sicily is also a famous wine region. Find quality wineries and bring home top local wines. Don’t forget to try local Sicilian cuisine. Cannoli and the Sicilian pizza Sfincione are awesome.,Time to start planning your adventure to the most beautiful places in Italy? Be prepared with insider information on the best local restaurants, hotel or VRBO options and interesting shops by checking out Travelocity and TripAdvisor. When you’re ready to pick your flights head to Kiwi to find exclusive flight deals and ground transportation packages here.,Be sure to check out our Italy Travel Guide before you go!,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,With picturesque jungles, iconic monuments and exotic wildlife, Bali is a nonstop adventure destination. Here’s the top things to do in Bali.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Bali, Indonesia is undoubtedly one of the most sought-after vacation spots in the world  – and it is pretty easy to see why. ,With its beautiful beaches, unique experiences like the monkey forest in Ubud, its vibrant culture, world-renowned resorts, and stunning attractions at every turn, Bali is every traveler’s fantasy fulfilled. ,So whether you are looking for a relaxing spa getaway, a sandy beach break, a great spot for surfers in Asia, exploring historic shrines or Hindu temples, or just wandering through the colorful neighborhood, or natural beauty, there really is something for everyone.,So if you just laid foot in this paradise or are wondering if you should visit Bali (you should!), check out our travel guide on Bali with the top things to do in Bali.,While the other temples of Bali may be bigger or more awe-inspiring, Tanah Lot, which translates to “Land in the Sea,” holds an unmatched special serenity.,The contour of Pura Tanah is among the most prominent iconic elements of Bali. Visualize a Balinese temple resting high on a boulder, fronting bright blue waters of the ocean. With waves swashing below and a radiant sky spread above, thousands of travelers visit this picture-perfect temple every year.  ,Situated in Tabanan, only about 30 km off Denpasar, this temple was built in the 16th century by Dang Nirartha, a reputable holy figure in Bali. And since then, this temple has been a significant pilgrimage site.,If you want a glimpse into Bali’s rich history and tradition, then the ideal time to visit Tanah Lot is during Odalan. This ceremony is commemorated every 210 days. ,However, on regular days, the multiple restaurants, stalls, and vendors selling everything from enticing food to souvenirs will keep you occupied.,Chilly ocean breeze, salty hair, tan skin, and that novel you have been wanting to read for ages – what is a better way to relieve your stress than visiting a beautiful beach?,Sanur Beach also arrives with delicious evening cocktails, enthralling surfing, some fun water sports, and award-winning beach huts to stay the night. So stack up on your sunblock, wrap up your bathing suit and compile a playlist of your favorite tunes to get the best holiday experience.,This beach is located along the south-eastern coast of Bali, in the town of Sanur, near Kuta. By being less than 10 miles from the International Airport, you can drive to this beach any time, and that too without any charge.,Not to get started with the “Eat, Pray, Love” mantra, but visiting an ancestral healer is a must in Bali. Recognized for healing broken hearts, soothing persistent pain, and relieving tension, healers have become extremely popular, credited to the rise in holistic wellness.,These local healers work wonders by employing divine power, herbal tonics, and massages to freshen up your spirit and mind. But before trying one out, make sure to approach with a positive attitude and an open mind since it is one of the initial steps in getting healed.,One of the first things you are bound to notice as soon as you enter Bali is the startling number of scooters on the roads. They swirl in and out and buzz by you as you are loitering in the traffic. From youngsters in uniforms going to school to women in high heels and sometimes whole families of three or four, everyone in Bali seems to own a scooter or a motorcycle – and so should you.,The fastest way to get around this island is by scooter, and you can easily rent or borrow a reliable two-wheeler from nearly every nook and corner. Accessible for day-to-day, or weekly hire, it may cost a sheer $4 per day.,But before the scouring, make sure to don a helmet and don’t start riding until you feel complacent enough to encounter the hidden potholes and bumps on the roads.,The geographical setting of Bali makes it a promising fishing hub. Fishermen from across the globe stop by the shores here to intensify their experience of the aquatic world.,From advanced fishing boats to local wooden Jukungs, every facility is available to deliver you a successful fishing excursion. Trained anglers also arrange supervised fishing sessions for big-game fishing. Some of the reputable charters include Black Pearl on Jimbaran Bay and the ones set in Nusa Dua and Denpasar.,Regardless of how riveting beaches, swimming, and palm trees sound, one may get tired of them after weeks of exposure. Therefore, trekking Mount Batur can be the next best thing of your trip to awaken the adrenaline junkies and get over the laziness.,Mount Batur, locally referred to as Gunung Batur, is an active volcano about  1717 meters high. Due to the scorching heat during the daytime, the hiking starts off early morning to ensure that you catch the sunset from the top. After all, what’s a more magical and rewarding way to end your day than with the magnificent evening sky.,Although there are multiple aesthetic waterfalls in Northern Bali, Tukad Cepung manages to capture the attention of all tourists with its dreamy view of hot springs and canyon walls.,Situated in the Eastern part of Bali, near Ubud and its famous beach towns, Tukad Cepung is the most photogenic site worldwide.,Reaching this waterfall is not so easy, but, worth the sight that you discover once you get there. After twenty minutes of trekking on slippery and uneven ground, you need to squeeze through narrow gorge walls to arrive at the destination. Wear strong footwear to protect your feet from bruises by prickly rocks.,The best time to make this trip is in the early morning and midday hours. During this period, not only is the place less crowded, but the sight of sunlight creating prisms of light is undoubtedly one you never want to miss out on!,Run by Balinese local Kelly, Kelly’s Warung is a must-visit cafe for tourists looking for cultural and cheap food after a dip in the ocean!,This smoothie and juice cafe is located at the heart of Bingin Beach and offers a delightful and calming view of the Indian Ocean.,The specialty of this open-air cafe is the Indonesian Nasi Goreng, served with fresh juice or smoothie, which makes it an ideal post-surfing meal. This dish is prepared from fried rice and fresh veggies, topped with an egg for a healthy yet scrumptious feed.,Packed with fresh, tasty, and organic ingredients, the food at Kelly’s Warung is a delight for everyone at a super cheap rate!,Specialized in serving and teaching to cook classic Indonesian cuisine with expertise, Bumbu restaurant is a hidden yet treasured gem of Bali.,Located in North Kuta, Badung, Bumbu Bali offers you a long list of Indonesian and Chinese foods with a hint of a French twist. The most adored items on their list include Chicken sate, spicy sambal, and tofu. This local cafe also serves unique desserts such as Dadar gulung and green pandan.,You can book a cooking class at the restaurant where experts not only teach you the art of making Indonesian food but also take you on a day trip around the local market!,Ubud Monkey Forest or the Sacred Monkey Forest Sanctuary is an idyllic retreat for every wildlife photographer and animal enthusiast.,Present at a ten-minute walk south of the town Ubud, this monkey forest features highly rare plantations such as the nutmeg trees and giant banyan. The thick forests with paved paths and moss-covered statues look like a scene taken right out of an adventure movie!,Moving towards the southwest side of the Sacred Monkey Sanctuary, you will find the Pura Dalem Agung Padangtegal temple, which dates back to the 14th century and has hundreds of monkeys swinging around. In contrast, the northwest side of this forest comprises “Pura Beji” – an ancient bathing temple.,Offering the best instances of history and wildlife, Ubud Monkey Forest is one of the most impressive places to spend an entire day in!,Ready to experience the adventurous side of Bali? Start planning your trip with more knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, the best hikes, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan even more fun by booking some unique Bali activities, skip-the-line tickets and expert-led tours through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your tours here.,For exclusive flight discounts and car rental options, check out CheapOair.,Read our articles about other destinations:,Author Bio: Naeem Yousaf,In Palermo, Sicily, five generations of the Argento family have been involved in Puppet Theater, one of the oldest Sicilian cultural art forms.,The two adversaries stood five feet apart and slowly turned to face one another. Without a word the armored knight drew his sword, and with one awkward swoosh decapitated his enemy.,The victor stared at the head rolling across the wooden floor. As the red velvet curtain fell, the viewing public shouted hoots that good had prevailed over evil.,No, this wasn’t a movie scene or a live execution, but the final act of a performance of Opera Dei Pupi (Puppet Theater) at Teatro Argento in Palermo, Sicily. Wooden puppets, 32 inches tall and weighing 22-plus pounds each, operated by master puppeteers from above the stage, have such a sophisticated, mechanical construction that one puppet can slice off the head of another puppet in one swoop.,On a recent adventure of Sicily’s timeless traditions, we met the Argento family puppet masters in one of the most fascinating experiences of our trip.  We entered through the arched doorway of Teatro Argento in front of Palermo’s Cathedral on Palazzo Asmundo.,Inside, 81-year-old Vincenzo Argento and his son Nicola waited to share the family’s five generations of passion and historical involvement in Puppet Theater.,It remains one of the oldest Sicilian cultural art forms, dating to the Greek period, and was declared a UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage tradition in 2008.,In Greek and Roman times, Puppet Theater created a vehicle to convey morality and political matters to the public. Wooden puppets had a rod through the body that allowed manipulation by the puppeteer. Amazingly, this is the exact method still used in classical Sicilian puppetry.,The terms puppets and marionettes should not be interchanged. The difference between them is that for all variations of puppets − hand, shadow, water or Sicilian − there are no strings attached and the puppeteer brings the puppet to life. Marionettes are solely animated and maneuvered by pulling strings and these thin cords control the motion.,In Sicily, there are two distinct types of puppets: Palermian on the west coast and Catanian on the east coast. In similarities, both types represent small models of a person or an animal with head, torso and limbs made of wood, metal joints between the legs and body and long thin supportive rods through the entire puppet.,But the differences are a big deal. Palermo and Catania have rivalries about everything, it seems, pupi included. The puppets of Palermo have an additional rod to move the arms, which allows the right hand to raise a sword and the left hand to hold a shield. Catanian puppets are larger in size, but the arms remain stationary and can only hold a sword, but can never raise it.,Medieval troubadour tales during the reign of the Holy Roman Empire’s Frederick II in the early 1200s provide the source of most puppet theater plays in Sicily. The ability to raise a sword in battle scenes is crucial and Palermo puppeteers boast that their puppets can maneuver this action.,Performances typically involve Sicilian cultural traditions such as the Song of Roland. Clashes involving the Moors, Charlemagne, King Arthur and other chivalric characters prevail. Swords are constantly being drawn at Teatro Argento and heads roll frequently.,Themes center on codes of conduct, sense of honor and defense of justice and faith. The 20-foot stage uses Sicilian folk type canvas with layered curtains for backdrop to give perspective. The puppeteer must provide the voice of the puppet he controls, coordinate movements with background music, and provide impromptu dialogue for the tale being enacted. All these tasks reflect the individual puppeteer’s personality., The Argento family began its mastery of this art form in 1893, when 20-year-old Vincenzo Argento founded Teatro Argento in Palermo. It is the only family-operated puppet theater that has remained without interruption in this city for 125 years.,Vincenzo learned about puppets from an old puppeteer, Don Giovanni Pernice. Later, Vincenzo’s four sons helped to spread the love of Puppet Theater throughout Palermo and the nearby village of Agrigento. Fast forward two generations and now his grandson, our host, also Vincenzo, and his family continue to operate Opera Dei Pupi di Vincenzo Argento e Figli (sons) at the same location.,Remarkably spry for his advanced age, Vincenzo glowed with passion for this art form, as he shared his love of puppets through a local’s translation from Italian to English. Taking a more active role now, son Nicola, showed us the mechanics of an unadorned puppet.,He explained that his father invented the mechanism to turn the puppet’s head and control the walk, by manipulating an inserted rod.  This feature makes the Argento Sicilian puppets superior.,“Would you like to try to make the puppet walk?” Nicola asked, handing me the controls atop the puppet’s head.  I groaned at the heaviness of the wooden figure’s 22 pounds and managed to make the puppet take only one pathetic stumble.,Costume, metal armor, sword and helmet could add more pounds. Even the thought of a puppeteer manipulating these dead weights, as Nicola does during every onstage performance, left me exhausted.,Vincenzo explained that his company starts with a piece of wood that ends as the puppet’s stage performance. At their workshop, skilled family members hand-sculpt the wooden heads and busts, construct and shape the armor using metals of brass, copper and silver, insert rods, paint faces and make all the characters’ costumes.,The theater puppeteers use the Sicilian language in spoken dialogue and performances are episodic in nature. Vincenzo described how a patron never sees a tale from beginning to end in one sitting. Stories enacted in a series require Palermo citizens to revisit the theater often.,It reminded me of going to the movies every week when I was a child to keep up with Flash Gordon adventures or recently waiting impatiently for the next episode of “Game of Thrones.”,Vincenzo said that at times they offer a summary from the last performance, but for a tourist, this isn’t necessary. When there is a battle scene and puppet bodies start piling up on stage, it’s easy to figure out what’s going on without translation and who’s winning the fight.,Vincenzo’s sons have updated performances to keep the art form alive and current. They recently added a play about Palermo’s martyred priest, Giuseppe Pino Puglisi, who relentlessly encouraged teens from poor neighborhoods to remain free from the Mafia’s lure of wealth.,On Sept. 15, 1993, on his 56th birthday, Father Puglisi was killed by a Mafia-ordered hit. Twenty years later, in 2013, he was beatified by The Vatican and Pope Francis visited Palermo in July 2019 to honor the memory of this beloved priest. Vincenzo proudly showed us the puppet that resembled Priest Pino, created for its premier performance.,This visit to Teatro Argento and the personal interaction with the masters of local puppetry gave me a more in-depth understanding of Sicily, of Palermo, of the traditions that run deep within the Sicilian soul.,On other jaunts around the world, I have been enchanted by water puppets in Vietnam, shadow puppets in Indonesia and marionettes in Myanmar. Now the circle is complete with this comprehensive lesson on the wooden puppets of Sicily with no strings attached.,Performances daily at 5:30 p.m. for 12 euros. Located off of Palermo Cathedral on Palazzo Asmundo, Via Victor Emanuele 445; argentopupi@libero.it, ,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol L. Bowman retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric field work in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,Historical and cultural sites share space with Morelia’s numerous candy stalls, boutiques and craft shops.,I stand transfixed. A frost-white horse bearing a man garbed in white prances through a lively village square beneath a full moon. Fiddlers and guitarists provide accompaniment as ladies with braids, swirling skirts and shawls carry baskets laden with flowers, bread and fruit. I swear I hear a faint sound of strings as the village dancers twirl. Birds chirping in the open-air courtyard of the Governor’s Palace draw me back to the present. I am standing in front of a massive mural by one of Mexico’s foremost artists, Alfredo Zalce, that is so real I long to join in the joyful festivities.,My reverie is broken by my husband, Eric, calling to me from across the stone arcade. He has found a more sobering scene in another of Zalce’s mural, in a stairwell: a battle scene in which the victors stand atop stone slabs with the opposition crushed beneath. We stand for a few moments in mute testimony to the victims in Mexico’s early 19th century struggle for independence, then descend the stairs and exit the building into bright sunlight and the warm banter of sidewalk strollers, who nod and smile as we pass by.,History and art, Spanish Renaissance and Mesoamerican culture come together seamlessly in Mexico’s charming colonial city of Morelia, the capital of Michoacán, situated halfway between Mexico City and Guadalajara.,Built in the 16th century, the city of one million residents takes its name from local hero José María Morelos y Pavón, one of the leaders in Mexico’s battle for independence from Spain, who was born here in 1765.,Morelia is renowned for its beauty. Its more than 200 historic rose-colored Spanish colonial-style stone buildings helped gain it a spot as a UNESCO World Heritage site. Numerous historical and art museums are housed within these blushing beauties, which are surrounded by shady parks and sparkling fountains. The residents of this charming colonial city are justifiably proud, as we could see by their ready hospitality.,It’s dinnertime, and we take an outdoor table at Arte y Cultura Café, one of a string of charming eateries beneath an arched portico on the north side of the town square, or zócalo. As we dine on white fish blanketed with avocado sauce and almonds, Chicken Morelia, topped with spicy sausage and a cheese sauce, and roast pumpkin, a stream of people meander by in the evening’s balmy air.,Opposite, families stroll through the tree-rimmed zócalo with children in tow, ice-cream cones in hand. And, in the center of the square, like a wise old grandmother watching over all, the twin-steepled Morelia Cathedral rises more than 200 feet (61 m ) skyward, lit with blue and green floodlights.,We are drawn to the stately grace of the Baroque cathedral — one of the largest in Latin America — and step inside its doors to an unexpected sight. A golden glow is cast over the vaultlike space, where hundreds of enraptured concertgoers are gathered, listening to the swelling strains and chest-thudding bass of a massive, 4,600-pipe organ.,The organist, perched high on a balcony, plays Bach’s Jesu, Joy of Man’s Desiring. The music sweeps over us in waves as we take in the ornate silver baptismal font in which José María Morelos was baptized, the intricate side chapels, the high, blue-and-yellow-tiled dome … and the remarkable stillness of such a large audience. Even a pair of sparkly-eyed toddler girls in ruffly dresses sit back-to-back, arms linked, playful, yet reverent.,After enjoying several stirring classical pieces, we walk across the street to our hotel, Los Juaninos, a beautifully remodeled former convent that is one of the city’s most appealing accommodations. We drift off to sleep to the drone of a ceiling fan in our second-floor aerie mere yards from the cathedral.,The day dawns, and I step onto the balcony to see the city awakening, pedestrians hurrying to work. Our hotel is perfectly situated for exploring; nearly anything one could want can be found within a six-block radius of the zócalo. We have no plan in mind, just the serendipitous joys of discovery.,The tidy streets are a shopper’s dream, with numerous boutiques filled with everything from modern fashions and shoes to leather goods and sundries. I pause at a wedding shop. Eric and I are still newlyweds, and I eye the gowns. The price tags for the hand-embroidered and embellished confections are very reasonable: US$ 300 on average.,“Whoa! We could have flown down here and bought you a dress, plus had vacation time for the cost of the dress we bought you!” Eric says. I shrug and laugh. Too late. We’re doing that vacation now.,My eyes widen as we find a bakery. One of my life goals is to try out pastries from as many bakeries as possible; here’s my chance! In this typical Mexican bakery, customers serve themselves from racks of tempting treats. We take a round tin tray from a stack and a pair of tongs, then hover in front of the inscrutable array of pastries.,Smiling, the baker patiently answers our questions about the types of pastries. Among our selections is a scrumptious bear-clawlike pineapple pastry.,Moments later we find ourselves faced with yet more sweets at the Mercado de Dulces y Artes, a rabbit’s warren of alleyways filled chockablock with high stalls of homemade candy featuring ingredients such as mango and chiles.,This is Eric’s turf. He has an exotic palate that is seldom satisfied in white-bread America. The aproned shopkeeper generously offers samples of the various treats before my husband chooses fresh caramel-coconut haystacks and sugared tamarind balls. At the market’s crafts stalls we find a candy-pink tiered skirt for my daughter and a handsome muslin shirt for Eric.,While I typically prefer to ferret out arts and crafts where they are made, even if it means traveling down dusty roads to nowhere, the extensive collection of Michoacán crafts at the nearby Casa de Las Artesaníasis stunning, and prices appear to be reasonable. Not only are there literally thousands of crafts here, ranging from bright, tropical-theme wooden objects to handwoven tablecloths, embroidered clothing to painted pottery, they appear to be of exceptional quality — collectors’ items.,Nearly every block, in every direction, seems to contain a cultural or historic site. Within the space of an hour we come across the Museum of Contemporary Art, filled with ultra-modern photographs and contemporary paintings; the birthplace of Morelos, a simple home built around a serene courtyard with historical displays; the Museo Casa de Morelos, a museum honoring Morelia’s most famous son; and numerous stone churches with bell towers.,We rest in the lacey shade of trees at one of the city’s many plazas, where schoolchildren are taking a midday break. Several boys fill their water bottles at a fountain then chase each other; the less fleet get squirted. Two girls in blue jumpers and white blouses scoop the water with their hands, then, laughing, bound over a low border into a grassy triangle, which becomes their private play space.,“Did you notice …” I mention, “everyone we’ve met here seems so happy.” Even the simple act of walking down the sidewalk here leads me to feel unusually bold; everyone we pass smiles at us, and I return their smiles, feeling like a long-lost family member.,For our last night in Morelia, we settle into Villa Montaña Hotel & Spa, a luxurious hilltop hideaway with a newly opened spa and spectacular city views; we quickly pick out the cathedral in the distance. Our ivy-cloaked casita features antique colonial furniture, a comfortable sitting room and a cozy fireplace in the bedroom. The dome-shaped brick ceiling in the bedroom is a mystery of mastery; Eric and I ponder how it was constructed.,Outside, we explore the sculpture-filled terraces, one of which holds a swimming pool at the brink of the hill, the city spread before us as far as the eye can see. The day is glorious, as it always seems to be here, and we trade shorts for swimsuits, take a lemon-fresh dip in the pool and lie on chaise longues, savoring the Latin-spice sun of this friendly and beautiful colonial city.,If You Go,Morelia Travel Website: www.mexconnect.com/mex_/michoacan/ moreliasectur.html,Hotel Los Juaninos: www.mexonline.com/hoteljuaninos.htm,Villa Montaña Hotel & Spa: www.villamontana.com, ,With stunning museums, historic archaeological sites and delicious authentic food, Athens, Greece is a must-visit city in Europe.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Athens is a paradise for travelers wanting to experience all that Europe has to offer. From its awe-inspiring history and architecture to amazing landscapes and delicious food, every corner of this city promises something new and exciting.,In fact, Athens offers the perfect balance of ancient history and modern-day amenities in Europe. So, if you are looking for a destination that offers everything and then some, look no further. ,Our Top Tip for Visiting Athens – Book Your Own Private Tour of the Acropolis with a guide from WithLocals. We have done this several times, and each time, it was a fun and educational experience. One of our guides was even an archeologist. Book your own tour at WithLocals.,The Greek capital Athens is one of the oldest cities in the world. It is full of ancient ruins and significant historical places. Be prepared to be enchanted by stunning monuments such as the Parthenon and Acropolis.,However, you can also spend your time exploring bustling markets for local souvenirs, take part in exciting activities like wine tasting, or just relax with a bite at one of its many charming tavernas.,For the first time in the city of Athens, the best thing to do is visit the museums and archaeological sites that highlight the history of Greece throughout the centuries. Also, we suggest visiting neoclassical buildings like the National Library of Greece and the building that houses the Museum of Cycladic Art.,In addition to sightseeing, you can enjoy a vibrant life at Athens squares, watch the Changing of the guards at Syntagma squares or relax at the rooftop bars at Monastiraki Square. We also recommend exploring street art in Anafiotika and Psyri neighborhoods.,You can go on a day trip from the Piraeus Port to the nearby Greek islands such as Hydra and Aegina. Visit the Temple of Poseidon at Cape Sounion, the ancient town Delphi, the Byzantine’s Daphni Monastery, or go on a full-day tour of the Meteora Monasteries.,Don’t forget to indulge in delicious Greek food, enjoy the sunset at Lycabettus Hill with a glass of local wine, or hit some of the bars that offer gorgeous views of the Acropolis. ,In every travel guide about Athens, you will find the Acropolis as one of the top attractions in the whole of Greece and a must-see location if you want a learn more about the amazing Greek culture. This ancient citadel, situated at the top of the hill above the city, is declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,The Acropolis of Athens was erected in the 5th century BC to honor the goddess Athena. Millions of visitors come here every year to admire important ancient buildings like the Parthenon, Temple of Athena Nike, and 2nd-century theater Odeon of Herodes Atticus in person. ,You can also see the Theatre of Dionysus from the 6th century, the temple Erechtheion, as well as the Propylaea, the monumental gateway to the Acropolis.,We recommend visiting The Acropolis Museum and the National Archaeological Museum, where you can see some of the most significant artifacts from ancient Greece.,Keep in mind that a walking tour of Acropolis Hill lasts around 2-3 hours, so you need to wear adequate shoes and a hat for sun protection because there is no shade. Also, you can purchase your ticket online in advance to avoid standing in long queues.,Benaki Museum was established in 1931 by the Benakis family. It holds a vast collection of Minoan, Cycladic and Mycenaean arts. You can see items from the Byzantine era, pieces from Neo-Hellenistic art, and displays of toys and games.,There is also a significant collection of modernistic art that includes jewels, costumes, wooden paintings, and religious artifacts.,The Benaki Museum is located near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier and Ethnikos Kipos National Garden, a public park in the center of Athens. You can easily reach the Benaki Museum on foot from Syntagma Square.,Every Sunday morning, the Monastiraki Flea Market becomes the central market in Athens. Numerous retailers will open their small shops to offer the most various products. There you can find souvenirs from wood and ceramics, clothes, paintings, handicrafts, antiques, and even icons made by monks from Greek monasteries.,In search of a nice gift or souvenir, you may also discover porcelain dishes, vinyl records, and handmade jewelry. When you need a break from shopping, you can get a drink at some of the many cafes in Monastiraki Square.,If you want to discover as much as you can, visiting ancient sites near the Monastiraki, such as the ruins of Hadrian’s Library and the Roman Agora, as well as the Tzistarakis Mosque from the 18th century, can be a good idea.,Visit the National Archaeological Museum to see some of the most significant antiquities collections in the world. The Museum was established in the 19th century to house the most significant antiquities from all over Greece.,It has a collection of sculptures, ceramics, frescoes, and other archaeological items from the Neolithic period through to late Antiquity. Some of the most significant artifacts are the Bronze statue of Zeus, frescoes from the Bronze Age, and the gold Mask of Agamemnon.,There is also a notable Egyptian and Near Eastern antiquities collection. Visitors can buy artifact replicas at a museum’s gift shop. Afterward, you can have a cup of coffee in the garden.,The Agora of Athens was the cultural, administrative, and commercial center of ancient Athens. It has a vast historical significance because it was the core of social and political activity, where the most important thinkers, such as Socrates and Sophocles, met to debate.,The whole complex of Ancient Agora has several historical sites worth visiting.,Stoa of Attalos was the ancient version of a mall. The original building from the 6th century BC was ruined, but it was reconstructed in the 20th century. Today, in Stoa of Attalos, you can find a museum of Ancient Agora with many sculptures, coins, and other objects from ancient times.,Among the Agora’s many buildings and temples, you can see the Odeon of Agrippa, the Byzantine Church of the Holy Apostles, and the Temple of Hephaestus, one of the best-preserved ancient Greek temples.,Welcome to one of the top Athenian landmarks! The Panathenaic Stadium has prominent architectural and historical importance. It is the only stadium in the world made entirely of white marble.,The Panathenaic Stadium was built in ancient times and reconstructed in the 19th century to host the first modern Olympic Games in 1896 with 80,000 spectators.,It has a horseshoe shape, and it is decorated with gold, bronze, and marble statues. Today it is used as the finishing line for the Athens Marathon and the Olympic Flame handover ceremony.,A whole complex with a stadium, museum shop, and a café is open all year round. If you are visiting the Greece capital in the summer, we recommend coming to the stadium early in the morning or late in the evening to avoid the heat and high temperatures.,The Olympieion, or the Temple of Olympian Zeus, is one of the most important archaeological sites in Greece. It was built from the 5th century BC to the 2nd century AD and is located just 500 meters southeastern of the Acropolis.,Once it was the largest temple in ancient Greece, with 104 colossal columns, but over the centuries, the structure was destroyed. Today, only 16 of the original Corinthian columns remained.,The amazing monument is rounded by other ancient ruins which you can visit, such as Hadrian’s Arch, Olympieion Basilica, the Roman Baths, and the Valerian wall. Nearby, you can find the Hellenic parliament building and the Zappeion Hall, a large conference building used for ceremonies.,If you are searching for an authentic and bohemian part of Athens, don’t miss the Psyri. Thanks to many coffee bars, clubs, and tavernas, the neighborhood is known for its buzzing nightlife.,Psyri is also well known for street art, colorful facades, and murals. You can enjoy exploring many art galleries and artisan shops with handmade products.,The neighborhood has a great location, just a 5-minute walk from the Ancient Agora of Athens and Monastiraki metro station. It is situated in the city center known as the “Historic Triangle of Athens,” thanks to Monastiraki, Syntagma, and Omonia Squares that surround it.,Some of the must-see locations in the Psyri are the ancient cemetery Kerameikos, the Pottery Museum, and the Museum of Islamic Art.,Lycabettus Hill stands 277 meters above sea level. You can reach the top on foot if you are in good shape, or you can take a funicular ride. The starting point of the funicular railway is on Aristippou street in the suburb of Kolonaki.,At the top of the Lycabettus or Lykavitos Hill, you can visit the whitewashed Chapel of St. George and then head up to Orizontes Restaurant.,Arrive at sunset for some truly stunning views across the Acropolis, the Ancient Agora, the Temple of Olympian Zeus, and beyond into an ocean vista shimmering with sapphire blue water from the Aegean Sea.,Did you know that you can hire local guides to organize private food tours for you and your family and friends? They can provide you a unique experience by presenting authentic dishes such as mousaka and gemista, as well as Greek yogurt, local cheeses, and excellent olive oils and wines.,Treat yourself and your family or friends to a half-day adventure filled with traditional Greek cuisine at some of the best taverns and restaurants in town. ,Those eager to explore street food can wander through the maze of cobblestone streets in historic neighborhoods like Plaka and discover its unique street food culture. Try delicious Greek classics such as gyros, bougatsa, souvlaki, and delectable fish burgers to tantalize your taste buds.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her.,She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagna. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,Author Bio: Marija Stojanovic Petkovski is a writer based in Serbia in Europe. Marija worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,When visiting the Ukraine, take time to visit Kamianets-Podilskyi, a town filled with quiet beauty and unique architectural landmarks.,It’s easy to see why a city like Kamianets-Podilskyi might be overlooked during one’s whirlwind tour of Eastern Europe. Given its “out of the way” geography and the less-than-luxurious transport required to get to southwestern Ukraine, it takes more hutzpah than your average tourist can muster.,For those brave enough to make the trek, this historical gem is not likely to disappoint. On my recent return to this beautiful country, a dear friend Hanna offered me an insider’s tour of the Old City.,Born and raised in a nearby village, Kamianets-Podilskyi holds a special place in her heart—one that she so passionately shared with me as we embarked on what would become an eight-hour tour.,The winds were whipping, and temperatures hovered around forty degrees, but we were unfazed, reveling in the magic of this place where time seems to stand still.,We began at Novoplanivskyi Bridge, the connector between old and new. Most visitors will cross this bridge, pay to walk the grounds of the castle and leave, never appreciating the long and sordid history that makes this city so special.,Fortunately, our adventure took us off the beaten path—quite literally—down a steep, stone staircase to the canyon below, where the Smotrych River would have once been raging as a protector against invading forces.,Now this body of water is little more than a trickle in most places, crossed easily by way of a rickety wooden bridge.,Following along the narrow cobblestoned walkways that line the river, we began to peel back the layers of history—one by one—all the while peering up at the fortress rising like an island from the epicenter of this ancient civilization.,Little known fact: Stara Fortetsya (the old fortress) is one of Ukraine’s Seven Wonders.,It was just the two of us, with the exception of a few stray cats, having opted for the road less traveled.,No crowds, no lines, no flash photography—as an avid hiker, I was pleased to hear only the sounds of our heavy breathing as we made our way around the inner canyon along a narrow dirt path.,Across the way, in the distance I could see St. George Cathedral, its blue-capped turrets rising from the trees.,Hanna began to tell me about the city’s tumultuous history—a territory conquered time and time again, stories that are recounted each time you pass a church or monument.,Her fierce passion for the subject was clear as she spoke of Tatars storming the castle or Cossack forces fighting for control over this hub of international trade.,Much like our DNA, many of the architectural landmarks scattered throughout the city represent unique cultural milestones of the previous occupants. Lithuanians, Poles, Turks, Armenians, Jews, Russians and Ukrainians all share a claim to fame here, earning the city its nickname as the “City of Seven Cultures.”,With a history so steeped in turmoil, you may be surprised to learn that residents now celebrate this diversity each year, with the International Festival of National Cultures.,Using this as an opportunity to honor their heritage, the festival features music, food and artisan crafts, showcasing (and celebrating) the city’s diverse roots.,Making our way around the south side of the castle we reached the Russian Gate, part of an old fortification system used to defend the most-vulnerable parts of the fortress.,Complete with a built-in dike, this structure could alter the flow of water from the Smotrych River to flood the canyon and prevent invaders from storming the castle. A similar structure, dubbed the Polish Gate, is found on the north side.,I could almost see the waters rising now, hordes of people—troops and townspeople alike—running for their lives, trying desperately to escape the cold, swiftly moving current.,Much like castle bridge, which was once the only way in or out, these fortifications are an extraordinary example of structural engineering in the 16th and 17th centuries.,Despite the harsh realities of the time, they are also proof that great things were possible, and their way of life was worth protecting.,We ended our tour atop the highest point in the Old City. Looking out over all of Kamianets-Podilskyi, Hanna shared stories of her youth, when she climbed these same hills as a rite of passage after her graduation.,To this day, kids verging on adulthood will make their way to this grassy knoll above the old stone fortress, watching as the sun lights up the world in the brightest shades of pink and orange.,Sharing plans for the future and saying goodbye to the past, they enjoy what is left of their fleeting childhood.,Hearing this, I couldn’t help but feel a similar sense of liberation, standing on this foreign soil where my own journey began more than 15 years ago—when I chose to leave the Peace Corps and my beautiful Ukrainian village.,At the time I felt guilty for saying goodbye, unsure of what the future had in store for me. Now, upon returning to this place that still feels very much like home, I have made peace with my decision.,Reuniting with Hanna and my Ukrainian family after all these years, I finally realized that, in my heart, I never really left.,Kamianets-Podilskyi may not be as old or large as some of the more popular cities in Ukraine. It certainly won’t be as easy to find.,What makes it worth the effort are its people—on the surface they appear to be young and vibrant, mostly kids making their way through university; but dig a little deeper and you’ll find plenty of old souls to match the ancient beauty of this timeless city.,History runs deep, and it’s a point of pride for those living there today. Stop anyone on the street and they can likely tell you, in one of seven different languages, the many tales that live within the walls of the Old City.,So, the next time you find yourself in search of a little culture, try the road less traveled to Kamianets-Podilskyi. Start at the bottom and climb to the top. The views are spectacular.,Amanda Renna is the founder of Travelnitch.pub, a kids’ travel blog inspiring children to become global explorers through hands-on learning.  As a mom of two, she believes travel can play a vital role in shaping strong, independent and compassionate individuals. Amanda lives in Monson, Mass., but spends much of her time on the road with her family. ,To dispel evil spirits, tie the cross with sheep’s wool. And whatever you do, make sure to bid the fairies good day.,A wooden cross tightly wound with wool was nailed to the front door of Aaron House, a restored 12-bedroom Victorian home in Port St. Mary, a former fishing village on the southwestern tip of the Isle of Man, a self-governing island in the Irish Sea. ,I studied the cross for a moment, then dismissed it as a Christian ceremony I was unfamiliar with.,“It’s the crosh cuirn,” the guesthouse proprietor announced when he saw my perplexity.,“Every year, on April 30, we fix a wooden cross to the inside of our front door. Keeps the wicked fairies out.”,Then as an afterthought, he added, “But it must be bound with sheep’s wool.”,I wanted to ask why, in particular, sheep’s wool, then thought better of it. “Do all the islanders do this?” I asked.,“Aye, most of us have experienced the fairies, so we know what to do.”,He nodded knowingly then disappeared into his office.,The indescribably beautiful Isle of Man lies in the untamed waters of the Irish Sea off the northwest coast of England. It’s a patchwork landscape in shades of willow green, lime and sage, sprinkled with azure and indigo waterways, and punctuated with snowy white sheep on the hillsides.,The 227-square-mile (588 km²) island is rich with history, with standing stones left by the Vikings protruding from the earth like daggers; Celtic forts that predate Christ along the shores’ serrated edges; and primeval burial sites that have frowned over the valleys for four-thousand years.,Such history undeniably influences folklore and the mystique surrounding this ancient kingdom.,I was curious to learn more about the island’s supernatural attractions and asked around for some guidance.,“At the end of the lane,” I had been directed by a gas-pump attendant, “the little white cottage, overgrown with wild fuchsia, that’s Uncle Neil’s.” Uncle Neil, as he prefers to be called, is a mystic. It’s said that he has contact with the underworld.,After much telephonic coaxing, he agreed to meet me for a drink and divulge some of the island’s fables.,My car rolled onto the stone drive of the fuchsia-encased cottage. Before me was a setting of incomparable splendor — a quilted countryside in hues of moss, pine and mint, interspersed with mauve heather and lemon-colored gorse.,When I rang the ornate brass bell the door opened a crack. I introduced myself, the crack widened, and I made eye contact with a single, dark iris.,“He’s gone the pub, he has,” the eye croaked.,I inquired as to which direction the pub lay, and was directed by a spidery hand waving vaguely toward Ireland.,I eventually found the remote pub in the little hamlet of Niarbyl, near the village of Dalby, on the west side of the island.,The Ballacallin House Hotel’s handful of patrons fell silent when I walked in and watched as I strode toward the proprietor, inquiring about Uncle Neil. He gestured with an incline of the head toward a solitary figure sitting by the window.,I approached what appeared to be a shriveled, hunched frame nursing an empty beer glass. Uncle Neil appeared sunken and hairless with blue-veined, papery skin exposing his domed cranium; he seemed nearly devoured by his clothing.,His face sat low on his shoulders, pitched forward as if deprived of support. His upper lip protruded like that of a turtle’s beak, and his cheeks were sunken.,We agreed how good it was to finally meet, exchanged a few pleasantries, and soon settled down with fresh drinks and let’s-get-comfortable smiles.,“Those are Northern Ireland’s Mourne Mountains on the horizon,” he boomed in a walruslike voice. He contemplated them for a moment.,“The old books say that a warring Irish giant threw a fistful of earth at his Scottish rival, but that it fell short and landed in the Irish Sea; that is how the Isle of Man happened.”,As he spoke, I learned that island life is undeniably influenced by folklore and pagan rituals as, today, the revered Celtic magician-king Manannán mac Lir, revered as the god of the sea, is still honored by the natives.,On Midsummer Eve, they carry green meadow grass to the top of Barule Mountain in payment for “renting” the sea. It is said that some folk still pray to Manannán, asking for a blessing on their boats and a good catch.,“What can you tell me of the crosh cuirn?” I asked.,He crooked a crescent of skin where his eyebrow should have been. “Aye, the crosh cuirn dispels evil spirits. It’s a wooden cross positioned above an entrance door.,Naught mischief enters a household where a crosh cuirn hangs.” He nodded gravely. “Some folk put a crosh cuirn in the cowshed to protect their animals, and some fishermen use it on their boats.,He nodded some more. “It’s a cross of twigs trussed together with sheep’s wool found in hedgerows. To be effective, though, the twigs must be of the Rowan tree — they have magical powers — and they must be broken by hand, never cut.”,He gazed across the sea, then added, “Legend and superstition is widespread on the island. But there is more than a grain of truth in many of these tales.”,Directly behind Uncle Neil, sitting at the bar, was a rugged, amiable-looking fellow, bundled into a heavy barn jacket.,While my host fumbled with his pipe, I observed the barn jacket grab a small cup of something and thrust it deep into his beard. Evidently, it found his mouth. He eyed me suspiciously; a biscuit then disappeared into the depths of his beard.,Uncle Neil shot a cloud of pipe smoke across the table; it hung there, suspended for a while, then slowly rose to the ceiling. He took a long pull on his pint, emitted a lung-shaking cough, then sat quietly, contemplating life.,We spent the next few hours discussing the Isle’s ancient mystique and folklore. I learned that travelers should take a bone from a sheep’s jaw along as a means to direct them. I wish I had known this before, as the Isle of Man roads can be rather confusing.,Locals believe that throwing the bone will show you the way, pointing to the right road. We discussed Moddey Dhoo, the ghostly black dog of Peel Castle, said to have scared a sentry to death, and the Water Bull, with its fiery, brutish eyes, living in swamps and possessing a bellowing that makes the ground tremble.,At the mention of Gef, the talking mongoose, the barn jacket ambled over and introduced himself as “the fellow who knew about Gef.”,He told us that Gef took a fancy to what was once known as the Irving farmhouse, a lonely mountain cottage in ruins today, and hid in its walls. At first, all Gef did was make strange noises, then he began speaking to the family.,He would disappear for weeks at a time, claiming, on his return, that he had traveled around the Isle by clinging to the underside of buses. He would relay details of what happened in other households elsewhere on the Isle, which were later verified by journalists.,Many such Manx fables have been passed down through the generations, including those relating to the sea. Everything feasible was done to bring good fortune in search of a bountiful catch.,The sea received offerings for the mermaids, boats were searched for witches, and the mention of four-legged animals by name was sure to change a boat’s destiny.,I bid farewell to my two new friends, then returned to my hotel. As I crossed the Fairy Bridge, which lies just past Santon Station on the main Douglas–Castletown road, I recalled Uncle Neil’s warning about the Little People.,“Should you cross the Fairy Bridge without saying so much as laa mie (good day) to the fairies, you cannot be sure of a safe and pleasant visit.”,I considered shouting a greeting out the driver’s window, but thought better of it, opting rather to smile inwardly at my own superstitions.,Moments later, my map hoisted itself out of the passenger-side footwell and, having spent a moment wrapped around my face, blew away in time to show me the fast-approaching ditch., ,The Isle of Man is nothing to do with Scotland………… we are an island of approximately 85000 residents that measures about 30 miles by 10 miles and we can be found in theIrish Sea. We are an independent island and nothing to do with the UK.,Thanks so much! We have updated the post. Best regards,Beautifully written I really felt like I was there.,Petra’s Monastery is one of the most popular attractions in Jordan. But what do you do when you can’t make the 850 steps to the top?,“No! Don’t try and climb the 850 steps to the Monastery,” my colleague advised. “At your age, you will never make it!”,Yet the Ad-Deir Monastery atop one of the high points in Petra is one of Jordan’s top tourist attractions. How could I forego that? Yet the reality is that I’m in my 80s. My colleague thought I would never make it.,Jordan’s rose-red city of mystery and romance, a Nabataen city chiseled into the stone mountainside, is a tourist site par excellence. Its builders, the Nabataeans, who hailed from Yemen, beginning about 500 B.C., carved thousands of homes, temples and burial chambers to establish one of the most unique cities known to man.,Today, thousands of tourists from all over the world travel to the ruins of this fantastic Nabatanean city. And this week, I was one of them. Every morning for three days we entered its Siq, a 1,200 m (3,936 ft) awesome cleft in the pinkish sandstone, and then made our way to explore what has been called ‘a rose-red city half as old as time’.,Yet there it stood. The Monastery high atop an outcrop of rock.,For three days, I looked at it and considered various ways to reach the Monastery. At first, I planned to walk up the hundreds of steps cut into solid rock, but I soon discarded the idea when I saw that the steps were broken, eroded, uneven, and did not exist in many places.,During my last day in Petra, I was standing surveying the steps again when I heard someone ask, “Do you want to climb up to the Monastery with a donkey?”,I turned around to see a young man leading a small donkey. “How is this small animal going to carry me and climb these steep steps? It’s impossible!” I exclaimed.,He laughed, “My donkey strong. Come! I take you to top for 10 dinars.”,I thought for a while then concluded that it was my last chance – a chance I could not miss. I would try to reach the top on an ass. Bargaining in Arabic, we agreed on three dinars. Muquib led his donkey up the steops, urging it on we began the climb. I almost fell off as the donkey as it leaped like a rabbit from step to step.,“Keep your balance!,” the young man exclaimed. “Keep your balance! Don’t be in fear! The donkey has made this trip many times before!”,Muquib’s words somewhat allayed my fears until the donkey, seeing a path by the side of the steps, leaped on this narrow trail. I almost tumbled off the ass into the abysses below, but I recovered as the donkey continued his rabbit jumps up the steps.,Twenty minutes later, we reached a small plateau. Muquib motioned me to step down from the donkey. “This is as far as my donkey can go,” he said.,I looked around me. The monastery was nowhere in sight. “But you said that you will be taking me to the top!” I said, somewhat peeved.,“It’s only a 5-minute walk from here,” he reassured me. “It’s an easy stroll!”,I paid him his three dinars plus one extra for a tip then walked around a corner. Before me were what appeared to be hundreds of steps.,I was furious as I began to climb. I looked back. Muquib was gone. Huffing and puffing, I struggled upwards until almost dead with exhaustion. Finally, I reached the Monastery. Surprised, I found a number of my colleagues resting on the Monastery steps. I was elated. Now with their help, I was sure that I would have no trouble making my way downward. I felt relief as I explored and photographed the impressive Monastery.,The Monastery, known locally as Ad Deir (Monastery in Arabic) is Petra’s second most famed attraction. Huge in size and beautifully awesome, it resembles, with less architectural embellishment, the well-known Khaznah (Treasury) at the entrance to the ruins, the most famous monument in Petra.,Totally Nabataean with no Greek or Roman influence, it was built either as a temple or a tomb. Later, in Byzantine times, it was turned into a church; hence, its name is the Monastery. Rested and refreshed and accompanied by my female colleagues, we began the climb down. At times, two of the women (one on each side) would assist me. Other times, just one of them helped to keep me from slipping as we made our way down the treacherous steep and eroded steps.,When we stopped a few moments to rest, I would survey the picturesque mountain scenes around us and beyond. They were vistas of natural beauty.,Women and young girls, some as young as four, were selling trinkets all along the sides of the steps. Sometimes they would just greet us; at other times they would ask us to buy their offerings. When we would decline, they would just smile, truly a gentle warm people. On the other hand, the men sitting around made amusing remarks. Since they had no idea that I understood Arabic, they joked about me, and my women colleagues.,“Look! He’s got four women with him! Do you think they’re his wives?” a young man asked his friend.,“I don’t know but he must take lots of Viagra,” his friend answered.,Another time as I slipped down one of the steps and one of the women grabbed me, a youth watching us remarked to his companion, “Look! A young woman is looking after him. He must be rich!”,Further down, as our group leader, who was known to the locals, was holding my hand, I heard a teenager ask his buddy, “Do you think she’s going after his money?”,His friend replied, “No, I know her. She’s an honourable woman. She’s just kind hearted.”,Some half an hour after beginning our descent, we were back on solid ground safe and sound. I was elated. I had, in spite of my 82 years, navigated the 850 dangerous steps up to and down from the Monastery and lived to tell the tale.,Jordan Tourism
VisitJordan.com,Author’s Bio: Habeeb Salloum is a freelance writer and author who has traveled extensively to most parts of the world. A resident of Canada, he writes on tourism and the cuisines of the countries he visits. He is the author of seven books.,For an authentic Japanese destination in rural Japan, head to the Shonai region on the northwestern coast of Japan in Yamagata Prefecture.,First-time visitors to Japan often hit the main spots on the so-called Golden Route – Tokyo, Kyoto, and Hiroshima – and they’ll have a great time exploring these cosmopolitan, historic cities. However, as wonderful as they are, they only represent a tiny fraction of the nation’s mountainous landscape. It’s easy to miss the “real” Japan in an endeavor to catch “famous” Japan.,If you’re looking for an authentic Japanese destination with an opportunity to experience what rural Japan has to offer, make sure you visit Shonai.,Shonai is located on the northwestern coast of Japan in Yamagata Prefecture. It boasts breathtaking scenery and is blessed with the largest number of waterfalls of any prefecture in Japan, as well as some of the most snowfall in winter.,Its abundance of natural resources, combined with the know-how and innovation of local farmers, means that Shonai is famous for its food. Tsuruoka City alone has preserved approximately 60 heirloom crops that are vital to the diversity of the region’s produce, earning it the honor of being a UNESCO Designated Creative City of Gastronomy (the only one in Japan as of 2018).,Shonai is also a famous rice producing region known for both its long tradition of farming and its recent innovations — the popular Tsuyahime rice strain was developed as recently as 2010.,So what should you eat in Shonai when everything is delicious?,Start out with some dadachamame, an heirloom type of edamame, coupled with a fresh draft of beer. Follow up with succulent Yamagata beef sukiyaki, or, if you’re here in summer, try freshly harvested Iwagaki Oysters.,Vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike are also encouraged to try the simple but delicious shojin ryori, Buddhist fare available at some of the temples ’lodgings in the area.,Centuries ago, the main connection between Shonai and the outside world was the Sea of Japan, which was used to transport tangible items like food and tools, as well as intangible things such as culture from the west of Japan.,Kyoto had a strong influence on Shonai, which is still visible today, especially at Somaro Teahouse in Sakata City. Here you can experience a rare slice of Kyoto geisha culture in the form of a maiko (apprentice geisha) dance performance as you enjoy a delicately put together bento lunch.,Just down the road from Somaro Teahouse is Sanno Club, a unique historical wooden structure hiding many secrets of Shonai culture within its walls. You can also make your very own kasafuku charm here, guided by a staff member onsite.,Kasafuku (literally “umbrella luck”) is a local good luck charm normally hung up on strings that hang from a circular frame, much like an umbrella. Locals make them for children in the hope that they will grow up strong and healthy. If sewing isn’t your strong suit, you can try your hand at decorating candles — another traditional craft of Shonai.,Japan is famous for its cherry blossoms in spring, but unlike its southern counterparts, Shonai celebrates the season in mid-April rather than late March, giving visitors an opportunity to view them much later.,Tateyama Park in Tsuruoka has around 200 sakura trees planted in two rows, forming a canopy of pink overhead when in season. The blossoms are accompanied by a cherry blossom festival featuring local dishes and fun events like karaoke and golf competitions. It’s a great opportunity to enjoy some stunning scenery and get to know locals in a casual atmosphere.,Spring isn’t the only season for a trip to Shonai though, as each of its distinct four seasons has something different to offer: trekking in the snow-covered forest of Mount Haguro to see a five-story pagoda, sitting on Yunohama Beach watching the sunset in summer, or visiting the Kamo Aquarium — the world’s largest jellyfish aquarium — for something to do indoors.,To find out more about this unique region and to book a tour, visit: odysseyjapan.com, facebook, @odysseyjapan, ,Lhasa may be a modern city, but her people hold fast to their ancient Tibetan heritage.,The airline officials check our baggage very carefully. They X-ray it twice, once before passport control and once after. They open our hand luggage, rifle through our toiletries and delight when they finally discover and confiscate the batteries in our camera. Later, on the plane, we can’t help feeling that not everyone was treated equally. Across the aisle, an old lady sits bundled up in shawls, her sculptured face peeking out from beneath a woolly pink hat, her hand grasping a silver prayer wheel. Engraved with Sanskrit, inlaid with coral and bearing a one-foot-long metal spike, it is a lethal weapon to be respected.,Thankfully, views of Everest soon distract us, and three hours later we arrive without incident. Now it’s the turn of youthful officials — dwarfed by their too-large uniforms and peaked caps — to study our documents.,“The Lhasa Airport of China,” muses my husband, reading the gold lettering on the terminal building, “no mistaking who’s in charge here.”,As we travel toward the city behind the tinted glass of a Toyota 4X4, documentary-style images rush past the window. Blizzards of dust race across a barren wasteland. Whitewashed houses stand like mini fortresses.,Prayer flags strain from rooftops like bunches of summer flowers. Pancake-like rounds of yak dung — a source of fuel — plastered to walls, dry in the sun. Beside the road, a 50-foot-high (15 m) rock carving of Buddha looks on serenely as prayer scarves decorating the rocks blow in the wind like crepe-paper streamers.,Children play in the dust; cyclists slouch low over ancient handlebars; and workers are piled high on rickety, lopsided carts. We gaze in astonishment as a pilgrim, on his way to Lhasa, places his hands together in prayer, touches his forehead, throat and heart, then lays full length on the ground. Rising, he steps forward and starts all over again. This is the Tibet we want to see — a country where ancient customs and practices still provide an awesome spectacle.,Lhasa is a modern Chinese city. We are greeted by the sight of wide roads, neon lights, shops, banks, offices and restaurants. Then we see the Potala. The huge, haunting fortress fills the sky, its ancient walls radiating brilliance. We strain our necks to absorb its enormity. It’s a fort, a palace, a monastery. It’s where Dalai Lamas ruled, and monks repelled the conquering armies of China, Mongolia and Nepal. If one image defines the nation, this is it.,Tashi, our guide, is our link with both past and present. His greeting, tashi deli — “hello,” “how are you,” “good fortune,” all rolled into one — is accompanied by an infectious smile. A 21st century Tibetan, he wears jeans, a smart jacket and polished black shoes. His mobile phone is never switched off. He speaks perfect English and German.,His knowledge of Tibetan history and culture is impressive. He would love to travel abroad, but knows he has as much chance of going to the moon. He wonders if we’ve ever seen the Dalai Lama, or the movie Seven Years in Tibet. He’s hungry for information.,Our hotel is in the Tibetan quarter, where rickshaws bump up and down the cobbled alleyways and yak butter is sold by the bucketful. The children here are wise to new arrivals. The local radar targets us, and small grubby hands are thrust in our direction.,We shake our heads, mouth the word “sorry,” and carry on walking. They point to their mouths, say lolly (British for lollipop), and start tugging at our sleeves. Tashi tells us not to give to beggars. Twenty-four hours later the same children have given up and moved onto the next pack of new faces.,For all its glorious symbolism, the Potala is not the beating heart of Tibet. That honor belongs to a temple situated two kilometers east. Here, surrounded by streets that are more Tyrol than Tianamen, shops more Kathmandu than Kensington, we find the Jokhang Temple.,Lit only by the flickering light of a thousand yak-butter lamps, the air within is oppressive and rancid. Rats scuttle between offering bowls of tsampa (roasted barley-flour porridge), and pilgrims chant mantras as they shuffle between jewel-encrusted shrines. Gazing, stroking, praying, they press bank notes into the Buddha’s golden hands. Monks in red and orange gowns sit cross-legged in recesses, on hand to receive prayers for loved ones and help them on their way with a cash payment.,Blinking, we emerge from the temple onto the roof overlooking the vast expanse of Barkhor Square, which has already had its cobbles replaced. A large, flat, gray expanse, it seems only to be waiting for basketball courts to be marked out. Around its perimeter, market stalls and street vendors provide a frieze of color, and pilgrims and tourists barter over prayer wheels and turquoise jewelry. In the square, beaming stall-holders ask us only to “looky, looky.”,A young girl approaches, walking across the square, and asks if she can practice her English. Soon we are surrounded. “What’s your name?” “Where you come from?” Young and old are eager to practice English lesson number one.,Later we join the throngs of people striding purposefully on their pilgrimage around the Jokhang Temple. Jeans, fleece, woolen gowns, cowboy hats, balaclavas, embroidered aprons and quilted waistcoats are all acceptable attire. Some wear sandals, but the footwear of choice is Nike. Halfway around, the cobbles start to disappear as men armed with pick-axes and shovels pry them from the ground. We ask a shopkeeper why the cobbles are being removed. “Flat surfaces — better for walking, better for cycling,” he replies. Ancient traditions are all very well, but practical living wins out.,At the Sera Monastery — which was established in 1419 — on the outskirts of town, we watch, enthralled, as dozens of young novices learn the art of debate. Senior monks debating with novices emphasize their points by raising their right hands high in the air and slapping them down onto their own outstretched palms. Above the din we ask Tashi what it’s all about.,“They debate the meaning of ‘big’,’” he replies, listening carefully, but it seems he’s as much in the dark as we are. Rounding the corner, we encounter a scene we can all understand: A young monk talking on a mobile phone. Later an elderly monk approaches and asks to look in our guidebook; he wants to see if his picture has made the latest edition.,We spend seven days in Lhasa before setting off on a journey that will take us overland to Kathmandu. We had arrived in Tibet expecting to find that Chinese influence had destroyed what was unique to this nation. Yet we leave believing that Tibetan fortitude has triumphed over adversity. Tibet has seen more changes in the past 50 years than in the previous 500. Yet her people seem to have accepted these new ways while holding fast to their ancient and wonderful heritage.,If You Go,www.tibettour.org/chinatibettoursite/moban/index.asp,After many months of isolation and lack of vacations due to COVID-19, vaccinated people are finally able to travel to Iceland again.,That’s right. I’ll say it again. Iceland is open again for people who are vaccinated.,Now you can visit those famous healing hot springs or see those beautiful waterfalls and black sand beaches! If you go soon, you might even be able to see lava pouring from the volcano that recently erupted on March 19, Mt. Fagradalsfjall, not far from Reykjavik.,It’s definitely on my list.,With the world populace becoming increasingly vaccinated, Iceland leads the way by opening its border to vaccinated travelers. Iceland recently announced that they would be lifting their travel ban and making exceptions to travel restrictions for vaccinated tourists from the US, UK, and many other countries as of April 6.,This means that if you’re vaccinated, you will be able to travel to Iceland without having to quarantine or take a COVID-19 test upon entry. This applies to those who have fully recovered from COVID-19 as well.,Note: you will have to show proof your vaccination to enter the country.,Unfortunately, if you live in Europe’s Schengen Zone, you won’t be able to travel to Iceland yet, even if you are vaccinated. But there’s hope. Iceland will start to lift the bans on even more countries later this year through a color-coded risk assessment system.,Keep an eye for when your country’s color shifts from red to grey!,As a result of this announcement, we are starting to see more airlines launching direct flights to Iceland, including Delta Air Lines.,This is good news for travelers. Delta recently released this statement about the decision to offer more flight services to Iceland. Specifically, they are starting a new daily service from Boston to Reykjavik beginning May 20 and are resuming their daily service from Minneapolis/St. Paul on May 1 and New York-JFK on May 27.,All of these flights are red-eyes, so make sure you bring some entertainment or a sleeping mask ― I know I will for my trip in June.,Including the usual flights offered by JetBlue, Iceland Air, and these new flights by Delta. Also, It appears as though United Airlines will also be offering service to Reykjavik from Orlando as of June 3.,Here are some ideas of what to do in Iceland:,There is so much to do in Reykjavik. There are tons of museums, restaurants, nightclubs and shops to explore.,If you’re trying to save money, you’ll still have a blast walking through the charming streets. There are artistic surprises around every corner. Also, make sure you get a Pylsa (hotdogs) from a local stand.,This famous route is known for its geysers, waterfalls and parks. There are many tour companies located in Reykjavik that visit the attractions of this area – sign up with one to get a stress-free and planned experience.,Make sure you visit Thingvellir, a historic area known as the earliest site of the Icelandic Parliament. It is quite beautiful, and the history is fascinating and engaging.,The first time I saw this beach, I was in awe. I had never seen such  beautiful, dark sand. Walking the black beaches will really stand in contrast to the usual experience of yellow- or white-sand beaches.,If you’re going to go this summer, try to organize a camping trip for at least one night and sleep under the midnight sun. If you’re not aware, Iceland’s position in the northern hemisphere during the summer makes for days with nearly no darkness.,Again, make sure you have your sleeping masks for when you need to get some shut eye.,The opposite is true for winter: Iceland’s position in the northern hemisphere during the winter means there is only a few hours of daylight and many hours of darkness.,For this reason, winter is the perfect time to hunt for the aurora borealis. Hope for clear skies. Alas, the last time I went to Iceland during winter, it was so cloudy that we didn’t get to see it. Shucks!,This is certainly a touristic and novel cultural tradition that I loved. Brennevin is a type of aquavit, an alcohol similar to vodka.,Hakarl is a fermented shark meat that tastes like cat urine smells. Still with me? These two are like PB&J because the alcohol of the Brennevin neutralizes the urea and trimethylamine oxide in the shark meat, which is poisonous if too fresh and without Brennevin.,If you’re an adventurous eater, this is a must!,Undoubtedly my favorite activity in Iceland was a long and cold hike through the wind and snow to a small, remote and local hot spring.,The hike was miserable, but when we stripped down to our birthday suits and entered the water, our worries just melted away.,I recommend doing this 100 percent.,If you’re not up to the challenge of hiking to a remote hot spring, then I suggest the next best thing: the swimming pools. Most of the cities and towns in Iceland have some sort of swimming pool complex with pools, hot tubs and saunas.,Not only are these facilities used for fitness, but they are also social spots for locals―and foreigners―to meet, greet and be merry with each other. Most people in Iceland speak English, so start a conversation and see where it leads!,You can also go to some of the spas, such a Blue Lagoon or Gamla Laugin.,Are these ideas giving you some wanderlust? Then go and check out flight times and prices for your own trip now. Don’t forget your passport and your proof of vaccination.,Ready to trek through the wonders of Iceland? Find the best flight deals here from the airlines currently offering flights through Kiwi. Then before you go be prepared with knowledge of favorite local cuisine, the best Aurora Borealis viewing spots, hotel or VRBO options and more through Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,There are currently travel restrictions for third-country nationals which can be found at Visit Iceland’s COVID restriction travel page along with rules and guidelines for travel within Iceland.,Learn more about how and when to travel to Iceland here.,Author Bio: Harvey is an English teacher living in central Florida with his partner, AL. They dream of quitting their jobs and traveling full time.,Mark Green brings a little bit of Africa back home to Wisconsin.,Mark Green believes Wisconsin and the rural villages of Kenya have more in common than many people assume.  In fact, he believes it so much that he built his career on it.,“People always scratch their heads and wonder, ‘How does Kenya relate to Wisconsin?’” says Green.  But it was his time in Kenya that motivated him to run for the Wisconsin Legislature.,In 1987, Green and his wife, Sue, were recent law school graduates with a desire to see Africa. ,“My father is South African, so we very much wanted to live and work in Africa,” says Green, who briefly lived in South Africa growing up.  “Africa’s always been in our hearts.”,Working as an intern at a federal agency, a fellow intern told Green about WorldTeach, an organization formed the previous year that sends volunteers to teach in partner countries.  Green and his wife were impressed by the organization.,“WorldTeach was able to match us up with a great opportunity in a relatively short period of time and there wasn’t a lot of bureaucracy – very efficient.,The team provided the support we needed without intruding upon the volunteering experience.”,Within the year, they were headed for remote western Kenya. It was there that Green had the time to read, reflect and think, while at the same time doing “meaningful work.” ,“It gave me the chance to see what is important versus what seems to be important,” says Green.,Green saw how the local Kenyan leaders cared for their community and how they worked to help their people. ,He found it “intoxicating,” and, upon returning to his home state of Wisconsin, he felt the need to assist those in his community.,“Even though Green Bay isn’t Kenya, I wanted to help those around me,” Green says.  In 1998, Green was elected to  the U.S. House of Representatives from Wisconsin.,Inspired by his year teaching in Kenya, he worked to pass laws targeting HIV/AIDS prevention and economic development in Africa and was a member of the African Affairs Subcommittee.,“Seeing people back then in Kenya struggling to reach daily challenges – it sensitizes you,” says Green.,And, as luck would have it, the State Department sent Green in 2002 to work as an election monitor in the very area of Kenya in which he had taught.,“In 1987 and ‘88, the village only had one telephone, and it was a wind-up phone,” recalls Green.  When he returned 14 years later, however, he found times had changed.,“I went back to the school where I taught to find old students, and I remember going to the gateway of the school and literally stopping people and asking, ‘Do you know so-and-so?’”,After asking a young boy if he knew Niva, a former student of his, he was astonished to see the boy pull out a cell phone. ,He asked himself, “What is this?  Where does this come from? This is supposed to be a dial-up phone!”,Despite his initial shock, it was because of cell phones that Green was able to reach his former students, some of whom he still is in contact with.,Like the village in Kenya, Green’s experience of Africa began to evolve.  Five years after returning to Kenya to monitor the election, Green again was sent to Africa in August 2007 – this time as U.S. Ambassador to Tanzania. ,The difference between traveling to Africa as a volunteer teacher and as a state official is “radically different,” says Green.,“One of the newspapers quoted me as saying to my wife, after getting off the phone with the White House, ‘Honey, we’re going back to Africa, but this time we’ll have running water, I promise,’” Green laughs from the American Embassy in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania.,As ambassador, Green works to implement programs in Tanzania, and hopes to increase Tanzanian awareness of the deeds of American citizens.,“If I can get Tanzanians to think of, when they think of America, the clinics, textbooks we bring, volunteers teaching in the classroom, then I know I’m doing my job,” Green says.,He wants to mold America’s image in Tanzania by highlighting the “generous works of countless Americans back home in the private sector,” in non-governmental organizations such as WorldTeach.,Green’s previous experience in Africa lends him credibility when speaking publicly on such subjects.,When asked to speak at the ribbon-cutting ceremony of a new school, or at other public events, Green almost always begins his remarks with a reference to his time in Kenya.,That way, he says, they “know you’ve seen it, know you’ve been on the front lines of helping Kenyans face education challenges.”,“When I recount my experience, they almost always say, ‘Oh, you’re no stranger,’” says Green.,“I’m indebted to WorldTeach,” says Green. “It shaped my career choices and I know it shaped my world view.”,“I think it’s impossible to go into a mud hut in the countryside, have a meal, and not carry that with you for the rest of your life.”,WorldTeach
www.worldteach.org,Tanzania Tourist Board
www.tanzaniatouristboard.com,Kenyan Ministry of Tourism
www.tourism.go,Sarah Cadorette is a writing student at Emerson College in Boston.  She hopes to one day explore the warmer climates as a travel writer. This is her first piece for GoWorldTravel.com.,From outdoor treasures to creative cuisine to art everywhere, Greenville is a unique southern delight. Here are the best sights to see in Greenville, South Carolina.,Move over Charleston and Savannah. There’s a new southern belle in town and her name is Greenville. She can ooze sultry charm like the best of them and she’s picture-pretty, but there’s plenty of substance and depth under those good looks.,This South Carolina city has gotten plenty of buzz lately and for good reason.,Greenville’s a cultural lady. She loves museums, the theater, music and the arts. Art lovers will enjoy the Greenville County Museum of Art, home to the world’s most extensive public collection of watercolors by Andrew Wyeth and a treasure trove of paintings and prints by other notable artists, such as Jasper Johns, Andy Warhol, Jacob Lawrence, Georgia O’Keeffe, and more. ,Art is also found outside the museum throughout Greenville as part of the Arts in Public Places initiative. Currently, more than seventy whimsical works are on display. They make for fun surprises as you amble around town.,One of the most well-known pieces is Joel Shapiro’s red steel sculpture, “Untitled 2002-2003,” commonly referred to as “Gumby” by residents. Another notable work is “Il Porcellino,” a bronze wild boar by Pietro Tacca.,It’s a full-sized replica of a 17th-century statue in Florence, Italy. According to local lore, if you rub the nose of the boar, you will return to Florence. And if you put a coin in its mouth and it falls in the well of the fountain below, you’ll have good luck. I did both. Stay tuned.,The newest sculpture is Dale Chihuly’s “Rose Crystal Tower,” which looks like a giant heap of pink rock candy. It begs to be touched.,Murals also dot the city. It’s hard to miss the one bedecking the Canvas Tower, an eight-story office building. Created by award-winning Australian visual artist and photographer, Guido van Helten, this photorealistic piece spans the entire façade of the structure. According to the artist, the work focuses on diversity and unity in Greenville, using the history of integration in education as a symbolic theme. ,The Sigal Music Museum is another standout. It’s not every day you find a place dedicated to culturally important and rare world instruments. There are dozens of English, European and American pianos and harpsichords, dating from the late 1500s to 1845.,One of the harpsichords was reportedly played by a young Mozart. And there’s also an excellent collection of woodwinds. Touring the place is a musical immersion experience, with the added bonus of listening stations to hear various pieces performed on some of the instruments.,Live performances are a staple of Greenville, with several theaters, such as the Greenville Theatre, Warehouse Theatre and the Peace Center Concert Hall, showcasing an eclectic mix of everything from Broadway touring productions to innovative, new works by up-and-coming playwrights. ,The city’s music scene is also of note. Catch a show at Blues Boulevard Jazz, Gottrocks or Smiley’s Acoustic Café. Groove to the tunes till late at night, as Greenville is not your “roll up the sidewalks at sundown” kind of town!,Greenville’s not afraid to say how old she is and showcase her history. Head to the Upcountry History Museum for a good overview of the area’s past. Here you’ll learn the story of the Upcountry through a series of detailed exhibits, murals, audio recordings, artifacts and interactives.,One gallery focuses on the Upcountry Frontier and its early inhabitants. Another delves into the turbulent times of South Carolinians’ divided political, economic and societal views.,It’s centered around the front porch of a rural dwelling in the 1790s and features, via film, Upcountry settler Mary Logan talking about her thoughts on the issues.,In a different gallery, visitors can stroll through Greenville in the mid-1850s, with facades of hotels, shops, churches, and character figures and computer presentations. Other museum areas are devoted to reconstruction in the years following the Civil War, the New South textile economy, contributions of the Upcountry’s military bases and an examination of the region post-WWII, including the Civil Rights movement. ,If you’re into baseball history, you’ll want to check out the “Shoeless” Joe Jackson Museum. Joe hailed from Greenville and is infamous for his arguable role in the 1919 “Black Sox” World Series fixing scandal.,In the museum, which is actually in the house where Jackson lived and died (of a heart attack at 63), you’ll learn about Joe’s career. His career began with him playing for the semi-pro Greenville Spinners before moving up to the majors and posting the third-best lifetime batting average of .356. Many baseball greats and historians regard Joe as the finest natural hitter of all time.,As for his moniker, “Shoeless Joe,” you’ll find out that it stemmed from one game in June of 1908. Joe’s brand-new cleats gave him blisters, so he took them off. Then, he hit a doozy of a homerun in his socks, causing a fan of the opposing team to shout, “You shoeless son-of-a-gun!” Though Joe never played shoeless in a game again, he was stuck with the name for eternity. ,Despite being small in size, the museum is chockful of numerous photos, letters, memorabilia, artifacts, books and is dedicated to honoring and preserving Joe’s legacy. It strives to dispel many myths about the man while educating people about the truth of his life and career. ,The museum is conveniently located across the street from Fluor Field, home to the Greenville Drive, a Class A affiliate of the Boston Red Sox. A statue of Joe welcomes folks as they enter the park.,You might think the place looks familiar, especially if you’ve been to Fenway Park in Boston. That’s because Fluor is a mini replica of Fenway. ,Greenville has seven historical districts with drool-worthy homes, some dating back to the 1800s. Many are included in the National Historic Registry, such as the Wilkins House and J.M. Geer House.,The Kilgore-Lewis House (circa 1838) might be one of the oldest surviving structures in town. It’s an Upcountry farmhouse in the Classic Revival style and boasts lush gardens. ,Greenville’s an outdoorsy type. Her piece de resistance is Falls Park on the Reedy, a nationally acclaimed greenspace that serves as the city’s “living room.”,The park, in the middle of downtown, is the result of the transformation of a forgotten forty-foot-tall waterfall and overgrown river valley into an urban oasis. It boasts a spectacular bridge that allows for unobstructed views of the Reedy River Falls.,The Liberty Bridge is a 345-foot, curved structure held in the air by a single suspension cable. It has the distinction of being the only bridge of its kind in the country. ,The park includes an extensive network of trails amid landscaped areas and wooded valleys that connect the city with the river. The paths attract locals and tourists alike and there are benches to sit along the way.,You can also break a sweat on the Prisma Health Swamp Rabbit Trail, a popular 22-mile paved trail that was once a railway. It runs from the nearby town of Travelers Rest to Greenville, through Falls Park and to Furman University.,You’ll see runners, walkers, cyclists and skaters traversing the trail for exercise and using it as a transportation route. ,Greenville’s a foodie, and the word is definitely out about her culinary scene. There are more than 110 restaurants in downtown alone, serving up mouth-watering dishes with global flavors.,The culturally diverse nature of the city lends itself to the culinary scene. There’s everything from Caribbean and French to Asian, Middle Eastern, Indian, Greek, and more. And, of course, there are distinctly Southern dishes.,Dine at Sassafras for a meld of Southern food with a creative flair. The menu’s offerings are mouth-watering with such specialties as Salmon and Lump Blue Crab, Charleston Shrimp and Grits, Seafood Trio (scallops, shrimp and blackened or grilled Catfish) and the proverbial Fried Green Tomatoes and Pimento Cheese.,Service is superb in this warm and inviting establishment. Be sure to save room for the Deep Dish Peanut Butter Pie or the Key Lime Pie.,At the Mediterranean-themed Lazy Goat, treat your taste buds to a falafel bowl, handmade pasta, paella or rustic Italian flatbreads while you soak in the river view ambiance. Then finish your meal with the Winter Citrus Loukoumades, best described as Greek-style doughnut holes with lemon glaze and berries. ,Enjoy breakfast or a mid-day treat at Old Europe Coffee and Desserts. This cozy café specializes in European-inspired pastries and locally roasted coffee. I felt like a kid in a candy shop as I peered at the freshly made sweets.,They all called to me – the coconut crème cake, tiramisu, hazelnut Napoleons, Lemon Bavarians and macarons. As it was morning, I only selected a few breakfast items to sample, including a slice of vegetarian quiche, a scone, and a cruffin.,The latter, I discovered, is a muffin made with croissant dough. All were yummy.  ,Greenville is a shopper. You’ll find anything and everything in this cosmopolitan and hip town, whether you’re looking for the latest clothing styles, unique jewelry or handcrafted items.,Make sure to stop at Mast General Store on your forays, if only to peruse the aisles of merchandise – from outdoor gear and South Carolina souvenirs to toys and kitchen gadgets.,The place is a throwback to days gone by, with creaky wooden floors and penny candy barrels filled to the brim with over 500 different kinds of old-fashioned candies. It was a walk down memory lane for me!,M. Judson Booksellers and Storytellers will appeal to bibliophiles. This independent, local bookstore is a thriving literary hub. Located in Greenville’s historic courthouse building, it specializes in Southern lit, cookbooks, new releases, kids’ books and has an assortment of funky South Carolina gifts.,And if you get hungry while browsing, Camilla’s Kitchen is right in the store, offering an array of beverages and treats. Try the Pipi Longstocking, an orange, vanilla, white chocolate latte reminiscent of a Creamsicle, and a sea salt chocolate chip cookie.,Put Poppington’s Popcorn on your list, too. Owners Rose and Bob Augustyn make over 75 different kinds of popcorn flavors. Get out of your comfort zone and try the Bloody Mary, Spicy Dill Pickle or Asian Spice for something different.,Greenville loves visitors and her Southern hospitality is on display in full force. I found the locals to be incredibly friendly and helpful. And everything is made easy for tourists, as the center core of the city is completely walkable.,So, you can conveniently access shops, restaurants, galleries and many attractions without having to get in your car. Great way to get in your daily steps!,It’s also nice to know that accommodations are plentiful in Greenville, South Carolina with numerous options to suit your preferences and budget. I recommend staying in the heart of town, and during my visit, I made the Hyatt Place Greenville Downtown home base.,The hotel sits just off Main Street, the city’s primary hub, and is close to Falls Park on the Reedy, making it simple to start your day off with a stroll around this lovely greenspace. ,Rooms are spacious with comfy beds and complimentary breakfast, plus there’s a fitness center, pool and bar. Bring Fido if you want, as the place is pet-friendly.,For all things Greenville: www.visitgreenvillesc.com,Albania is wide-open and welcoming visitors. If you’re ready to travel again here are the best activities and places to visit in Albania.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,I was happily on the road again. It was like old times, and it was cathartic. Albania is welcoming visitors who feel comfortable traveling. A COVID test is not required to enter and there is no quarantine required or mask mandates once in the country.,Albania suffered for half a century under a severe communist dictatorship. Its borders were shut tight all those years, followed by political strife in the 1990s. However, the small Balkan nation has turned things around over the past two decades, rushing to modernize and launching a building boom that continues unabated.,Today, Albania is wide open for travelers and is an extraordinarily safe and affordable destination, with a delightful diversity of things to see and do. Furthermore, the entire experience is wrapped in the exceptional hospitality of the Albanian people.,Crisscrossing the country for several weeks, I hiked in the picture-postcard Albanian Alps and swam in the aquamarine Ionian Sea at the bustling beach resort of Saranda. I took a ferry ride that is among Europe’s most stunning and plied the lanes of five historic towns topped with storied castles.,I eased into the relaxed outdoor-café lifestyle of the capital and tasted a full menu of traditional dishes unique to Albania. Additionally, I visited three UNESCO World Heritage sites including the ancient ruins of Butrint, Gjirokastra with its celebrated Ottoman-era architecture, and Berati, the “City of 1000 Windows.”,As I toured the country, the people welcomed me with open arms, elated to see tourists returning. I was frequently asked my nationality, and when I responded American I was showered with welcomes and compliments. ,Asking passersby for directions, I often was personally shown the way. Taxi drivers also went out of their way for me. For example, not just dropping me at the station but searching for my bus and taking me right to it.,Adding to the ease of travel, English is widely spoken, especially among the young.,Read the fascinating story of The Sworn Virgins of Albania,If you’re ready to travel, Albania is ready to welcome you. The following list covers some of the best activities and places to see in Albania so you’ll be sure not to miss a thing.,The leafy capital city of Tirana is one of the top places to visit in Albania. It exudes the relaxed lifestyle and enthusiastic, forward-looking spirit of the emerging country. Tirana has a city center of tree-lined avenues, parks, squares and sidewalk restaurants.,There’s also ever-ongoing construction, juxtaposing historic monuments with modern skyscrapers, encircling massive Skanderbeg Square. A square named for Albania’s national hero.,However, it’s the countless outdoor cafes that truly define Tirana and all of Albania really. There must be more here per capita than in any other nation.,It’s the thing to do here: sit in an open-air café with friends, sipping espresso, the national drink. Wiling away the hours gabbing, people watching and savoring the slower pace of life.,It’s easy to see why Berati is known as ‘The City of 1000 Windows.’ The iconic photo often used to illustrate and promote Albania is of this best-preserved Ottoman city in the Balkans. It highlights the 18th-century tile-roof houses with rows of big windows that stack up the hillside.,Standing guard over the riverside town is a massive, and magnificent, hilltop castle that started in the 4th century BC as an Illyrian citadel. Still occupied, inside is a warren of lanes between stone houses, mosques, churches, cisterns and fortifications in varying states of ruin.  ,With the sundown begins the daily evening promenade where seemingly half the inhabitants stroll along the river gabbing, laughing, eating ice cream and hanging out in outdoor cafes.,Narrow cobbled lanes negotiate steep slopes up to this hilltop town where Turkish pashas once ruled. They left behind a grand architectural legacy, giving today’s Gjirokastra the moniker of Albania’s prettiest city.,In the small center, the 19th-century houses have been converted into restaurants, cafes and shops. Venture beyond to discover the hauntingly beautiful real Gjirokastra.,Architecturally completely different than the Ottoman houses of Berati, they have defensively designed lower floors with small windows and narrow entrances, several stories of airy living quarters and slate roofs.  ,Perched above the city, Gjirokastra castle was once a formidable bastion, with origins dating to the Iron Age. Today, outer walls and an 18th-century clock tower stand but little else remains. The panoramas, however, of valleys, rivers, mountains and patchwork fields, are stupendous.,The exponential development of Saranda, quickly turning the small seaside city into a major resort, has been stunning. And the neighboring village of Ksamili is now playing catch up. The two are prime examples of how fast once-isolated Albania is coming into its own.,In summer, Saranda is a sea of beach-goers and a hub for activities. Everything centers around a long, bustling seafront boardwalk of outdoor cafes, restaurants, boutiques and hotels. It’s definitely a popular place to visit in Albania in the summer.,Ksamili is more purely focused on sand and sea. It’s known for its beach clubs, beautiful water ‒ aquamarine in the shallows near shore and deep blue further out ‒ and a string of small islands to swim out to.,This UNESCO World Heritage Site is one of the historic places to visit in Albania. It is a journey through the history of the region, beginning back in the 8th century BC. The ancient ruins are truly pleasant to visit.,Located on a forested peninsula jutting into a lake by the Straits of Corfu, you walk under a cool canopy between the sites. Every few minutes, as you emerge into a clearing, a new surprise awaits.,Highlights include a nearly 3,000-year-old acropolis, a Hellenistic theater, Roman villas and baths, an early Christian basilica and a baptistery. There’s also a medieval gateway with a carved lintel depicting a lion biting a bull’s neck, a Venetian castle and tower and more.,The lake is only 60 years old, yet the natural beauty is one for the ages. Lake Komani is manmade, created in 1961 as part of a large, successful project to generate sustainable hydroelectric energy.,Beyond electricity, it brought an unexpected bonus: stunning landscapes that leave you breathless. Several passenger and car ferries ply Komani.,They sail the shimmering sea-green waters through submerged canyons and gorges, navigating narrow channels between high, gargantuan walls of rock that loom over the passing boats. Designed by engineers, it became a force of nature and one of the most ravishing ferry journeys anywhere.,To see the most majestic crags and peaks, illuminated by radiant natural light, head to this hamlet in the picture-postcard Albanian Alps. Albania is more than 70% mountainous terrain among the world’s most mountainous countries with some of the most dramatic and breathtaking panoramas experienced in Valbona.,Hiking trails range from forest paths to rocky escarpments. The most challenging hike is the 7-8 hour crossing over the 6,000-foot-high Valbona Pass to the village of Thethi. It has become a bucket list item for hiking aficionados around the world and is one of the best places to visit in Albania for outdoor activities.,The guesthouses that dot the valley do it all for visitors, from lodging and food to guides and transportation.,With its center of grand promenades, parks of verdant green and tree-lined pedestrian streets, Shkodra is a genteel city for walking and bicycling. But its greatest tourism asset is massive Rozafa Castle, one of the biggest castles in Europe with unequaled vistas that make you feel you’re on top of the world.,There are more than 2,000 years of history inside the walls, though most of what remains is from Venetian and Ottoman times. On a clear day, the extraordinary views in all directions are overwhelming.,The confluence of three rivers snaking through a multi-colored quilt of fields, the expanse of the Adriatic Sea, Lake Shkodra and Montenegro beyond, and distant mountains compete for attention.,Shkodra’s most serendipitous attraction, however, is ‘the bridge in the middle,’ the Ura e Mesit. To walk over the old stone footbridge is to step back to a time when the communities on either side of the Kiri River met and traded there.,It’s also a great swimming spot: yes, the clear, glistening blue-green water that flows down from the Albanian Alps is very cold but so refreshing in summer.,Ready to see the most magical places in Albania? Start planning your trip by finding hotel and VRBO reservations, restaurant reviews, best local shops and more on TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,When you’re ready to plan your travels, check out Kiwi for the best flights deals and Omio for the best ground transportation options through Albania. Be sure to protect your trip from any unexpected changes or lost items with insurance from TravelGuard.,Author Bio: Ed Placidi is a freelance travel writer/photographer who discovered his passion for exploring the world as a teenager and has gone on to travel ‒ mainly on solo, independent adventures including a number of extended voyages across continents ‒ in 104 countries (so far).,Already been to the Met and the MoMA? Check out these lesser-visited cool NYC museums like the Skyscraper Museum and the Met Cloisters.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,A first-time visitor to New York City can’t be faulted for choosing the allure of the imposing Met, the stylish MoMA or iconic Guggenheim Museums. Equally, the jaw-dropping dinosaurs of the American Museum of Natural History or the highly emotional 9/11 Museum are must-sees.,Make sure you see all the sights with a New York Pass by Go City.,Understandably, these NYC museums get the spotlight. But, there is a cornucopia of other cultural institutions covering art, photography, fashion, history, design and more.,These also provide an enriching experience. Furthermore, as icing on the cake, many are housed in buildings that are architectural marvels and have a historical heritage.,So, when you are in New York, remind yourself to include a visit to some of these overlooked but amazingly cool NYC museums.,The Museum Mile on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan stretches from East 82nd to East 105th Street. Therefore, it is, without doubt, the best place to start off your cultural experience.,After a tour of The Met you can head to The Frick Collection. Here you’ll enjoy a seamless immersion into Henry Clay Frick’s personal collection of European art and sculpture from the Middle Ages to the 19th-century. The collection’s original Gilded Age era home at 70th Street is currently undergoing renovation.,However, you can see the masterpieces at 945 Madison Avenue and 75th Street. This Marcel Breuer-designed building first housed the Whitney Museum of American Art followed by The Met Breuer.,Frick Madison’s modernist stone and concrete interior and exterior make for an inimitable way to display sculptures, decorative arts and paintings by the Old Masters.,Neue Galerie at 86th Street is near the illustrious Metropolitan Museum of Art. Situated in a Beaux-Arts style Gilded Age mansion, this museum highlights 19th century German and Austrian fine and decorative arts and sculpture.,The prized piece to see here is Gustav Klimt’s magnificent painting of Adele Bloch-Bauer I. “The Woman in Gold” was painted by Klimt in 1907 during his Golden Phase.,Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Design Museum at E. 91st Street is located in the erstwhile mansion of Andrew Carnegie. This cool NYC museum shows off collections of design spanning from historical to contemporary.,Pieces range from drawings and art to decorative arts to modern product designs and more. My favorites include the 18th-century architectural models of an Italian church and a 19th-century French staircase to the Immersion Room.,Moreover, this room enabled me to digitally project wall coverings from the museum’s gargantuan collection. ,Move a bit further up and stop at the Jewish Museum at E. 93rd Street, the oldest such museum in the United States. A repository of Jewish art and culture, the museum puts a spotlight on 4000 years of Jewish history.,The collection of Hanukkah lamps, the world’s largest, includes lamps from four continents. Each one differs in style, details and materials and represents the festival from Renaissance to modern times.,If you are museum-hopping on 5th Avenue, it goes without saying you will take a walk in Central Park. Certainly, the piece de resistance that makes New York City the greenest city in America.,But surprisingly, not many visitors go to the Central Park Conservatory Garden, an enchanting, peaceful refuge of natural splendor that opened in 1937. It’s located between 104th and 105th Street along Fifth Avenue.,This formal garden inside the park has three distinct areas. There is the French North Garden, the English South Garden and the Italianate style Center Garden.,I think of it as a living museum because the name is taken from the 19th-century conservatory that existed on the site. Secondly, because of its literature-inspired fountains, Gilded Age gate and history-themed walkway.,For this entire NYC adventure, you’ll want super comfortable and stylish shoes to trek the city. In honor of the greenest city in America, check out these AllBirds walking shoes made from nature. Find more styles and sizes here.,Be sure to step through Vanderbilt Gate which has its own story. It was built in Paris in 1894 to grace the Vanderbilt mansion on Fifth Avenue. In addition, don’t miss the Untermyer Fountain with the delightful bronze sculpture of Three Dancing Maidens. You’ll find it in the northern part of the garden.,Step back out on Fifth Avenue and 106th Street to head to El Museo del Barrio. The museum is dedicated to Caribbean, Latino and Latin American cultures represented through exhibitions, educational programs and the performing arts.,Founded in 1969 by Raphael Montañez Ortiz and a group of Puerto Rican artists, the museum exhibits works by celebrated as well as emerging Latino and Caribbean artists.,Finally, at Fifth Avenue and 103rd Street is the Museum of the City of New York. It’s devoted to the vast history and culture of New York City. The exhibits inside showcase the rise and evolution of the city.,Subsequently, you’ll be taken from a Dutch trading outpost to the modern megalopolis through films, photographs, art and artifacts.,The southern tip of Manhattan has a wealth of cool NYC museums to choose from. For example, on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, at 235 Bowery, is the New Museum.,The museum quarters, a staggered stack of rectilinear boxes with a shimmering aluminum façade, complements the exhibits inside. That is to say the exhibits are devoted entirely to contemporary art including works by new artists.,Secondly, the Tenement Museum on Orchard Street is a joy to visit. It underscores American immigrant history through its exhibits. These exhibits display everyday items of people who inhabited these two apartment buildings or tenements between 1860 and 1930.,Further down in Battery Park City at the tip of Lower Manhattan is The Skyscraper Museum. Here you can examine the architectural history and heritage of the celebrated skyline of New York City.,A few minutes away from Battery Park City is the Wall Street neighborhood. This area is full of tourists at Trinity Church, the somber 9/11 Memorial and the New York Stock Exchange.,Meanwhile, there are many people clicking pictures on the steps of Federal Hall National Memorial, located at a stone’s throw from NYSE. However, not as many venture inside.,Most importantly, George Washington was sworn in here as the first president of the United States. In addition, the museum inside contains highly informative exhibits perfect for history buffs.,Fifteen minutes from the modernistic Whitney Museum of American Art is the completely different world of Rubin Museum of Art on 17th Street off 7th Avenue.,This cool NYC museum is devoted entirely to art and culture of the Himalayan regions. A visit here will bring forth an experience of enjoying Buddhist and Hindu imagery in all its glory. There are many representations from Nepal, Tibet and India.,Continuing with this theme, you might also decide on The Asia Society, located close to the Museum Mile, at 70th Street and Park Avenue. The superb permanent collection was donated by John D. Rockefeller III, the founder of the society in 1956.,The exhibits encompass art and sculpture, both ancient and modern, from all Asian nations. In addition, it offers a platform to countries whose artworks are not often seen in major museums. More than a museum it is a cultural center.,Here they offer a profusion of lectures, films and other cultural events celebrating all of Asia.,Travel to the neighborhood of Columbus Circle on the west side of Manhattan for some eclectic museums. Start at 59th Street and Columbus Circle. At the southwest corner is the Museum of Arts and Design or MAD, where you will see a confluence of art, craft and design.,The exhibitions highlight the numerous ways by which artists display their creativity using materials and techniques ranging from simple craftsmanship to modern technology.,I loved the goblet collection displayed in the stairwell. It’s glass artistry at its finest with pieces by well-known artists including Dale Chihuly.,Walk up Broadway to 66th Street to reach the small, jewel-like and free to visit American Folk Art Museum. Unusual in that it presents art only by self-taught artists, the collection is powerful and dazzling.,The store is particularly charming with its offerings of handmade items from around the world. You are bound to come away with a haul of unusual gift items.,At 77th Street and Central Park West, a stone’s throw from the behemoth American Museum of Natural History is the New-York Historical Society. It is the oldest museum in New York and is now slated for an expansion with an addition of another five stories.,Meanwhile, the current museum presents artworks and objects covering 350 years of New York and American history. Do not miss the beautiful collection of 132 lighted Tiffany lamps. It’s one of the largest such collections in the world. Moreover, walking through will give you an ethereal feeling.  ,If you have visited the Metropolitan Museum of Art, you must save your ticket to visit The Met Cloisters.  It’s nestled in Fort Tryon Park in the Washington Heights neighborhood, overlooking the Hudson River.,This spectacular outpost of the Met is home to an incredible collection of European medieval art extending from the 12th to the 15th century. Moreover, the museum is named after the building that houses the collection.,To clarify, this building has the original parts of five French abbey cloisters incorporated into it making it architecturally compelling.,After feasting your eyes on artworks and tapestries (the Unicorn tapestries beg a special mention), walk through the colonnaded walkways to spend moments in the meditative Medieval gardens. After that, complete your visit by going to the terrace for stunning views of the Hudson River.,The Hamilton Grange, Morris-Jumel Mansion and the Dyckman Farmhouse Museum are three stellar historic house museums in Upper Manhattan. George Washington used the Morris-Jumel Mansion, the oldest house in Manhattan, as his military headquarters during the Revolutionary War.,Hamilton Grange, relocated twice, is the home of the U. S. founding father and the first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. Dyckman Farmhouse is the oldest farmhouse in Manhattan, built in 1784.,At 125th Street and Adam Clayton Powell Boulevard is The Studio Museum in Harlem, a premier museum devoted to African American art and artists. It is now temporarily closed, as it awaits the completion of its new quarters with an opening date in 2022.,The museum will then showcase its vast collection spanning over 200 years of history. ,The small and intimate National Jazz Museum in Harlem, a Smithsonian affiliate, is located off Malcolm X Boulevard on 129th Street. While the museum may be small, the exhibits are gigantic in importance.,As a result, it’s a perfect stopover for jazz and music lovers. However, the crown jewel of this cool NYC museum is The Savory Collection. It’s a compendium of more than 100 hours of recordings of radio broadcasts by jazz greats from 1935-41.,For an off-the-beaten-path museum experience, nothing comes close to the Nicholas Roerich Museum. It’s situated in a striking 19th-century brownstone in Upper West Side at 107th Street between Broadway and Riverside Drive.,Here you will see the entire collection of paintings created by Nicholas Roerich, a Russian writer, painter and historian. Roerich was also an advocate for world peace and was nominated three times for the Nobel Peace Prize.,Apart from the paintings of Russian landscapes, saints and churches, my favorites were the majestic artworks of the Himalayan landscapes and interpretations of Indian miniature paintings. Roerich spent a large portion of his life in the Kullu region of India.,For visitors with small children, a trip to the Children’s Museum of Manhattan at Broadway and 83rd Street is a must. Kids can enjoy immersive and interactive colorful exhibits geared towards learning. Furthermore, programs of art, music, dance and storytelling will also capture their interest.,A subway ride into the other boroughs of New York City will open up a world of many delightful museums. Visiting these will make you feel like a local. Consequently, you will come away with a deeper perspective of this vibrant city.,If you have seen MoMA, try a short subway ride to visit its counterpart MoMA PS1 in Long Island City, Queens. This nonprofit arts center has its galleries in former classrooms where experimental contemporary art and design are showcased.,Further, the courtyard is where artists put forward their creative thinking on using a public space.,The Isamu Noguchi Foundation and Garden Museum is another gem, also located in Long Island City, Queens. The museum is a creation of the Japanese American artist and sculptor Isamu Noguchi. His phenomenal abstract works, including his famed paper lamps, are exhibited here giving us an insight into his aesthetic designs.,Many tourists head into the Bronx to see its biggest attractions. These include the New York Botanical Garden and the Bronx Zoo. However, the Bronx Museum of the Arts on Grand Concourse is an off-the-beaten-track museum that is also well worth a visit.,Founded in 1971, the museum represents the diverse culture of the Bronx. It bestows an emphasis on African, Asian and Latin American artists through a variety of contemporary and 20th-century art. Mediums include paintings, photographs, mixed media and more.,The Bartow-Pell Mansion Museum is a 19th century estate at 895 Shore Road. The Van Cortlandt Manor Museum, the oldest standing house in the Bronx, is at 6035 Broadway.,These are two historic house museums in the Bronx that are lovely to visit. Walking through the richly decorated rooms and the exquisitely maintained gardens, you might forget that you are in NYC.,The houses are part of the group of historic houses found in the boroughs of New York City. You can access the entire list at https://historichousetrust.org/houses/,The borough of Staten Island is easily accessible from Manhattan by way of the free Staten Island Ferry. Just a few minutes’ walk from the ferry terminal you will reach the National Lighthouse Museum.,This historic site served as the quarantine point for immigrants long before Ellis Island existed. The museum is located on the former site of the U. S. Lighthouse Service’s General Depot.,Its exhibits bring to light the history and development of lighthouses across the nation. Seasonal boat tours from the museum are also an incredible way to view the waters of New York City.,Historic Richmond Town, a living history village and museum, is quite a popular tourist site. However, you may also think of going to Snug Harbor Cultural Center & Botanical Garden, which began as an 83-acre property for retired seamen.,The 28 buildings in the complex showcase the architectural era of the 19th and early 20th centuries. Today, these buildings are home to galleries and museums. Additionally, there are 14 gardens. Stroll through the magnificent bamboo-lined path to enjoy the Ming Dynasty-style Chinese Scholar’s Garden.,Staten Island is home to the exceptional Jacques Marchais Museum of Tibetan Art. The museum resembles a Himalayan monastery set atop Lighthouse Hill. It was founded by Jacques Marchais in 1947.,She was a child actor who became fascinated with Tibetan history, culture and art. All without ever stepping out of the U.S. The museum displays her exquisite collection of Buddhist artifacts from Tibet, Nepal, Mongolia and Northern China.,This area is well known for the incredible Brooklyn Museum and the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. However, the borough of Brooklyn also has an array of less traveled museums.,For example, you can begin with The Waterfront Museum, located on the water in the Red Hook section of Brooklyn. It is housed in the 1914 Lehigh Valley Barge number 79, a railroad barge bought in 1985 by David Sharps.,He was a juggler and entertainer who evolved into being a preservationist and a museum curator. Inside are exhibits on nautical equipment and local cultural performances are a prime draw for families.,The City Reliquary on Metropolitan Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood is another impressive off-beat museum to visit. This community museum began with founder Dave Herman displaying artifacts in the window of his ground floor apartment.,Subsequently, it has since developed into a gallery with permanent and rotating exhibits of NYC-related objects and memorabilia.,Train buffs will enjoy the New York Transit Museum at Boerum Place in downtown Brooklyn. This cool NYC museum is housed in a decommissioned underground subway station where you can wander through engrossing exhibits of vintage subway cars.,In addition, rare photos show the changing cityscape with the advent of the subway in the early 20th century. Plus a variety of objects and ephemera that looks at all modes of transportation in New York City.,New York City requires visitors to show proof of COVID-19 vaccinations for entry into museums. All museums follow COVID-19 protocols.,Visitors are expected to reserve timed tickets in advance before entry. Many museums are also offering free or pay-as-you-wish admissions and these too have to be reserved in advance.,For more unique activities in New York City, skip-the-line tickets, expert-led tours and more fun check out GetYourGuide. Find additional information and book your dates in advance here.,Visit the museum websites for all up-to-date information.,Author Bio: Susmita Sengupta, an architect by background from New York City, loves to travel with her family. Her articles are published in many online travel magazines including at Go World Travel.,In Scotland’s Whisky Capital, you can learn the art of creating this prized beverage.,The turndown service at many upscale hotels in Scotland is extra special. No chocolates here. A tiny bottle of whisky – to the Scots, it’s whisky, not whiskey  – is left on your pillow. In finer hotels, such as Edinburgh’s iconic Balmoral, your drink (always malt) will be delivered in a lovely carafe along with a small pitcher of water and a crystal glass.,“Whisky will revive you, give you energy,” we are told soon after we arrive at the Hilton Dunkeld House Hotel.  “And will take the chill off a damp day.”,That’s the truth, even in the morning. At Dunkeld House, an hour’s drive from the capital, it’s available at breakfast – a wee dram for the porridge.,There are hundreds of malt whiskies available in this country. The differences are subtle; it takes time and talent to learn. The place to start is, of course, at the source – the whisky trail of Speyside.,The area is referred to as the Malt Whisky Capital. The question: is it the whisky capital of Scotland or the whisky capital of the world?,“Same thing,” says bus driver Andrew Huntly. “There are 27 distilleries within a 30-mile radius using water from the River Spey,” he adds.,At the Glenfiddich distillery at Dufftown, visitor center manager Brian Robinson can tell you everything you’ve ever wanted to know about whisky.,Glenfiddich is one of the few independent family distilleries still operating in Scotland. It was founded in 1886 by William Grant and is now headed by Peter Grant Gordon, a fifth-generation member of the family.,Many staff members are long serving; 20 have been working more than 30 years with the company. When the coppersmith, Dennis McBain, retires at age 66, he will have been at the distillery 50 years.,“The family has people here. Computers do not rule supreme here,” says Robinson. “We produce a lot but we’re not mass produced. We have a commitment to craftsman; our dependence on computers is minimal.”,There are only three ingredients needed for whisky – water, yeast and barley. For Glenfiddich, it’s Robbie Dhu (Gaelic for “Black Robert”) spring water from the nearby Conval Hills.,During a tour of the facility, Robinson explains the process step by step: malting (barley is “malted” to convert the starch into soluble, fermentable sugars); mashing (malted barley is ground and mixed with spring water); fermentation (yeast is added to liquid from the mashing process and converts the natural sugars to alcohol); distillation, maturation and bottling.,Glenfiddich is the only Highland single malt to be bottled at its own distillery.,“We make it slowly,” says Robinson. “If you’re going to rush it, you’re missing the point. A slow ferment gives flavor and character.”,The firm’s commitment to excellence is not confined to whisky. It also sponsors an artist-in-residence program. Each artist stays two to three months in a house on the property. Artists from across the world are welcomed.,“The idea is we’re bringing them into an environment [with which] they are unfamiliar, so there is new inspiration,” explains Robinson. “Whisky-themed? Great. But if not, that’s the risk we take. It’s not very fair on an artist to invite them in and then give them boundaries.”,“We get pieces like the [small bronze sculpture] Angel’s Share in Warehouse No.1. We get things like The Fence, which is next to the house the artists stay in. It’s just recycled plastic tied to a fence [but] I’m sure there’s a deeper meaning than that,” he laughs.,“They typically leave a piece for us as a thank you, but there’s no obligation,” he says.,Regular tours of the Glenfiddich distillery are free but if you want the “Connoisseur” treatment, which includes tastings, there is a $40 fee. Tours can be conducted in 10 languages, including sign languages.,During our tasting, Robinson tells us it’s perfectly alright to add water to malt whisky. There’s no right or wrong way to drink it, he says, though there are purists who insist whisky neat is the only way to drink it.,Ted McIntosh of Bayfield, Ontario, agrees with Robinson about the water. “Just a wee thread – one or two drops. It releases the serpents,” he says.,Whisky aficionado McIntosh and his wife, chef and cookbook author Kathleen Sloan-McIntosh, own the Black Dog Village Pub and Bistro where they regularly hold whisky tastings. They recently spent a three-week vacation at Craigellachie, a 10-minute drive from Glenfiddich.,The Speyside Cooperage, the only working cooperage in Britain, is located at Craigellachie, where you can see how whisky casks are made and repaired (admission is $6.50 U.S. or $17 per family) and learn the importance of the cask to the making of fine whisky.,“A distiller uses barrels like a chef uses spices,” says McIntosh. “The barrel is a huge factor.” Like the Glenfiddich distillery, the Cooperage is a family-owned business, which has been run by three generations of the Taylor family since 1947.,From a viewing gallery that overlooks the shop floor, you can watch the traditional methods of coopering that are still used today. Only oak is used to produce the casks that hold quality wines and liquor. That’s because it prevents seepage and allows the contents to breathe without spoiling the flavor. Most of it is white oak that comes from the United States.,“Different oaks breathe differently,” explains McIntosh. “With the first fill (barrels are used several times) there is more contact with the oak,” thus affecting the color and flavor of the whisky. “These days the first fill is usually Madeira.”,Coopering is a highly-skilled trade with a five-year apprenticeship overseen by experienced journeymen. “There are two young people at the moment who are at different stages. “[All training] is done on site and there’s a job for them once they’re finished,” explains Ronnie Grant, a former cooper who has worked here for 33 years. His father and brother are coopers, as well.,It’s a piecework system where each man makes or repairs an entire cask and is paid per cask.  “Today’s cask is a hogshead. It’s a middle size, about 55 gallons,” says Grant.,There are various sizes in addition to the hogshead: a butt is 500 liters (132 gallons); a barrel is 180 liters (48 gallons); a puncheon is 500 liters (132 gallons). “A barrel is American, a butt is Spanish,” Grant says. “The American barrel is by far the most popular size.”,There are no metal screws or nails in the casks. “Each cooper puts his personal stamp on a barrel and if there’s any problem it’s sent back to the cooper to make it right but he’s paid only once,” says Grant.,That being the case, he’ll probably get it right the first time.,It was their appreciation of the craft and of the whisky that brought McIntosh and McIntosh-Sloan to Speyside and Craighellachie – to visit the Cooperage but to also taste a wee dram or two or three.,At the Craigellachie Hotel, there are nearly 700 single malt whiskies available; at the Highlander Inn Hotel, there are 180 malt whiskies on offer.,“We didn’t try them all,” laughs McIntosh.,If You Go,Glendfiddich,www.glenfiddich.com,Speyside Cooperage,www.speysidecooperage.co,Scottish Tourist Board,www.visitscotland.com,Vivian Macdonald is a freelance writer based in Stratford, Ontario. To view more of her work, visit <arel=”nofollow” href=”https://www.viviansvoyages.com”>www.viviansvoyages.com.,In Vietnam, 5 million bikers turn wide boulevards into chasms of fear. They drive on the sidewalks and straight into shops. Here, chickens become breakfast.,My heart pounded. I struggled for the courage to cross the street like a local. Stepping from the curb, I focused on the opposite side and walked and prayed and kept walking, waiting to hear the crunch of metal meeting bone.,The trick, I realized, was to never look both ways, despite that childhood advice my mother had pounded into me.,The sight of oncoming traffic coming full throttle mushroomed into fear, but I knew that if I wanted to explore, I needed to wear a good luck charm, hang on to it and just go.,Chickens would never make it here.,The travel brochure I had picked up at Hanoi’s Noi Bai Airport scared the hell out of me. It identified in bold print the number one tip for surviving Vietnamese cities―How to Cross the Street and Live to Tell about It. It read:,INSTRUCTIONS for CROSSING the ROAD: Step from the curb, walk slowly and deliberately at a steady pace. Never stop moving.,Never retreat. Make no jerky movements. Don’t run. Raise your hand lower than your shoulder to signal that you are advancing.,The airport cab had zipped us along to Hanoi, Vietnam’s ancient capital.,Bucolic scenes in adjacent fields unfolded as cone-shaped hats atop Asian pajamas bobbed up and down in a sea of green rice stalks, while trusted water buffalo waited for duty.,What’s the problem with crossing the street? This looks easy, I thought. But, as we neared the city’s fringe, the serenity vanished, replaced by reality.,A nightmare of swarming vehicles, motorbikes, scooters, motorcycles, two-wheeled contraptions of every cc and size emerged from everywhere.,Some even traveled opposite to the flow, all avoiding obstacles in constant near-miss collisions with the minority four-wheeled, metal conveyances.,The mayhem didn’t faze our driver, but the staggering buzz of motor-bees triggered my ‘chicken’ instincts. I pulled out those instructions to reread them before the test.,A 125cc Honda, carrying a family of four, hugging each other tightly, flip-flops dangling from their feet. It overtook the taxi and darted directly across its path.,Brakes squealed. My whitened knuckles pressed into the armrest. At this point, crossing the street seemed irrelevant; making it to the hotel alive took precedence.,Motorbikes ruled the road. Traffic regulations didn’t exist or went ignored. Welcome to Vietnam.,The taxi veered onto a narrow street in Hanoi’s Old Quarter. The mental impact of thousands of motorbikes coming straight at us seared an image like the imprint of a branding iron.,Men, women, teenagers, business suits, high heels, and funky outfits made up this ‘motor madness.’ Covered from head to toe, only the riders’ eyes peered out above cloth face masks and under newly required helmets, which they call ‘rice-cookers.’,I asked the driver why the riders had every inch of body concealed.,“To protect from the sun; they think, the whiter their skin, the better,” he said.,On the frenzied route to the hotel, I saw no traffic lights. No stop and go, no slowing, just bikes carrying people and cargo.,Innovative Vietnamese have turned these cheap, easily maintained modes of transportation into delivery vans, mobile businesses or open-air taxis.,My concentration on the traffic chaos shifted to the assortment of loads that whizzed by.,One bike had 30 bird cages, each with its own live bird, in a six-foot high tower that encased the driver, leaving only his face and arms visible.,A woman weaved about with a washing machine strapped to her seat; a young girl, sandwiched between a huge computer box in front of her and a desk, chair and shelves secured to the rear, maneuvered through the maze.,A mobile fish market with live fish sloshing about in plastic containers fastened to a scooter, sped by.,Vietnam has an estimated population of 89 million and 37 million registered motorbikes. Elders, using rusty, worn-out bicycles must share precious road space with the motorized ones.,Just then, a moped crashed into an old woman peddling her overloaded pushbike, sending her and mounds of radishes to the street. No one helped to upright her transport and wares. There is no stopping.,After reaching the hotel unscathed, the decision loomed. Would I have the courage to see Hanoi, or would I remain paralyzed on the sidewalk?,The number of motorbikes had tripled for a Saturday night of bike cruising in Hanoi. It would take three street crossings to reach the restaurant. ‘Chicken queasiness’ stirred. The city sizzled, its excitement brewed contagion.,Smells of crayfish hissing in garlic, herbed oil, slick night-market vendors offering knock-offs, and the zoom-zoom of Scooterville electrified me to ‘take the road test.’,I closed my eyes and went. It’s the only way. Locals told me that the bikes would anticipate my moves. I had to trust that or fail.,After that first frightful scurry, I pretended to be blind for street-crossing; in Hanoi, Hue, Hoi An, DaNang and the grand prix of all motorbike cities, crazy Saigon, Ho Chi Minh City.,Here five million bikers turn wide boulevards into chasms of fear. Riders drive on the sidewalks, through the central market and straight into shops. Here, chickens become breakfast ― Vietnamese Pho Bo soup.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric field work in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,[mappress mapid=”987″],Ystad, Sweden is a charming town with Danish influence that also attracts fans of the Swedish TV series of fictional detective Kurt Wallander.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,As a fan of the Swedish TV series Kurt Wallander I had always wanted to visit Ystad, the hometown of the fictional police detective created by author Henning Mankell.,The opportunity presented itself while travelling from Stockholm to Copenhagen by train. It was easy to make the necessary diversion to the stunningly beautiful town on the Swedish south coast.,I arrived in June when the Swedish spring should have been giving way to summer. However, Scandinavia had been experiencing one of the coldest springs on record and Stockholm had been no exception.,Expecting the worst, I alighted from the train only to be met by a relatively mild 17° Celsius, with a pleasant breeze blowing in from the Baltic Sea.,The tourist information office was conveniently located across the street from the railway station in a square called St Knuts Torg. I headed there to get directions to my hotel as well as other attractions in Ystad.,A strong and enticing smell of coffee wafted across the square from the right. I turned in that direction and spotted Wallander’s favourite coffee shop, Fridolfs Konditori. A must-visit spot for later. But first I had to get my bearings.,With a population of some 19,000, Ystad is big enough to provide for a diversity of interests but small enough to allow for a slower pace of life. ,Armed with a map and brochure from the tourist office I headed towards my hotel, just a two-minute walk from the train station. After checking in at the charming, old-world Hotel Intercontinental, I set out to explore the town.,I had read about the Wallander guided tours and I wanted to take one Unfortunately, I found they didn’t start until July. However, the tourist office gave me a map with all of the locations featured in the TV series marked on it so that you can design your own walking tour.,Which I did. Turning right from the hotel onto Hamngatan I walked up to Stortorget, the town square.,Here I saw see several locations featured in the TV series such as restaurants Store Thor and Upp Eller Ner. Also, the old town hall facade, Gamla Rådhuset, that became a bank in one episode.,Plus, the bookshop where Wallander is supposedly a loyal customer.,From Stortorget I walked along Stora Östergatan, Ystad’s busiest retail street packed with shops, cafes and restaurants. At the end I crossed over to Regementsgatan, spotting along the way Pilgrändhuset, Österportstorg and the Kings Head Pub & Restaurant.,These are all places featured in various episodes. Finally, I reached the building at Mariagatan which doubled as Wallander’s apartment.,In the opposite direction, a walk along Sjömansgatan overlooking the harbour brought me to the Ystad Theatre. This is where a car bomb explodes in the episode entitled The Cellist. Only a fan of the series will understand how satisfying it was to see all of these locations.,But enough about Wallander. Even if you don’t follow the TV series, Ystad has many attractions in addition to the landmarks just mentioned. It is also unlike most of the rest of Sweden in terms of its architecture.,This is because, in its early years, it belonged to Denmark along with the rest of Skåne, the province in which it’s located. In 1658 the Treaty of Roskilde ended centuries of Danish rule and Skåne was ceded to Sweden.,The early Danish influence has produced a charming and colourful town full of delightful half-timbered houses. There are literally hundreds of these striking buildings dating back to at least the 15th century.,Everywhere you look you can see this reminder of medieval times. Yet the streets also buzz with contemporary shops, cafés, bars and restaurants. Many of them are incorporated into the old buildings, along with museums and art galleries. The result is a charming small town that is a pleasure to wander around.,After a day of such wandering, you will likely have worked up a healthy appetite. However, eating out in Scandinavia is expensive. Subsequently, the cost may tempt you to take something back to your lodgings.,If you plan to wash it down with a few beers or a bottle of wine, be aware of the restrictions on buying liquor for home consumption in Sweden.,Full-strength alcoholic drinks, spirits, wine and most beer, can only be purchased at the state-owned Systembolaget chain of stores. There’s only one of these in Ystad. It is open from 10 am to 6 pm on weekdays (7 pm on Thursdays), from 10 am to 2 pm on Saturdays. It’s closed Sundays and most public holidays.   ,Ystad can be reached from Stockholm by high-speed train, changing at Lund or Malmö to a regional train. The entire journey takes about 5½ hours. Or if you happen to be in Copenhagen, it’s even closer.,A train ride across the magnificent Øresund Bridge that connects eastern Denmark with Sweden will get you there in 1½ hours. This was the subject of yet another Scandinavian TV series, The Bridge, later remade in the US. The less frequent direct service takes little more than an hour.,If you want to use Ystad as a jumping-off point for other parts of the Baltic region, there are regular ferry services to the Danish island of Bornholm and to Świnoujście in Poland.,I went back to St Knuts torg before I left Ystad and had that coffee in Fridolfs Konditori. The locals are ambivalent about Wallander; they know he’s a work of fiction but they’re mostly happy about the fame he’s brought their town. I felt happy as well to have experienced such a unique part of Sweden.   ,Start planning your adventure to Ystad, Sweden today. Get prepared with insider knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the best flight deals, train tickets throughout Europe and car rental options, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,Pack all your favorite travel essentials and still have room for your Ystad shopping with the ultimate carry-on bags from AWAY. Look through their selection of top-rated travel bags here.,Ystad Tourist Information Office http://www.visitystadosterlen.se/en,Author bio: Barry Barford has been a government policy adviser and a journalist, and in an earlier career travelled the world working in the maritime and aviation industries. Now retired, he travels at a more leisurely pace and likes to write about the places he visits. He lives near Sydney, Australia.     ,Ethnic tribe in Laos pays tribute to its ancestors with laughter, drinks and dancing.,More beer was splashed into my glass and we toasted again to the spirits at the Khmu New Year Festival in Laos. I’d long since lost track of how many times.,“Our ancestors want us to drink, to honor them, and the more we drink the more we honor them,” exclaimed Butan, our designated pourer and chief toastmaster, as he burst into laughter and clinked glasses with the gathered friends and family at the table.,Laughter was everywhere, the drinking nonstop, the toasting incessant, the dancing in high gear. Ancestors were being feted.,The 2019 Khmu New Year festival was in full party mode.,It began ceremoniously. Sommay, whom I’d met a few days earlier, officially invited me to his village for the annual festival as his personal guest.,For me, it was an honor that would immerse me in the heart and soul of Laos’ Khmu people for one day. For Sommay, it was an opportunity to share pride in his culture with a new friend from a faraway land.,Sommay rolled up to my hotel at 8:45 a.m. and off we went on his motorbike to his village, Lak Paed. The Khmu are one of Laos’ major ethnic groups, and New Year festivals are held in mid-December in a number of Khmu towns and villages.,But Lak Paed ‒ with only some 700 residents and just five miles from beloved Luang Prabang, the epicenter of Lao tourism ‒ hosts one of the most important festivals, attended by regional and national government officials and other VIPs who come to pay their respects and express tribal solidarity.,The annual Khmu’s New Year Festival ‒ Boun Pod Pi in Khmu ‒ is a time when Khmu families and communities gather to give thanks to their ancestors for their prosperity, health and a peaceful year, as well as ask their forbearers to guide them to good fortune and tranquility in the year ahead.,“We are animists who believe the spirits of our ancestors watch over us,” explained Sommay. “The old life is gone but our ancestors are always with us.”,We parked at his sister’s house, next door to the festival grounds, where Sommay had a traditional Khmu shirt waiting for me – they wear Western clothing in everyday life, but for the celebration virtually everyone at least partially dons Khmu attire.,As with clothing, everything about the event was an aggregate of the traditional and the modern world:  The young ladies in full, colorful Khmu regalia at the entrance collected a symbolic donation to enter (just a dollar or two) and then posed for cell phone photos with almost everyone.,On each of the sea of tables under tents, enough to seat some 600 people , were plates of traditional foods ‒  taro, sweet potato, plantains and sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves ‒ and at the same time hostesses were walking around with bottles of Jack Daniels serving shots to VIPs. Khmu music was playing but it was an electronic adaptation blasting at high decibel from huge speakers.,Official festivities began with a series of speeches ‒ by elders talking about the status of the village, and government officials who expressed their best wishes for 2020 and reinforced how wonderful it is that Laos’ tribes (some 50 of them) live in harmony.,People listened politely, and were patient as numerous gift baskets were given out for contributions to the village and help in organizing the festival, but when the dancers arrived faces brightened and cheers filled the fairgrounds.,The crowd perked up now as more foods ‒ stews and stir fries ‒ were served, cases of Beerlao and jugs of rice wine were being distributed, and the party was picking up steam.,Laughing and smiling teenage girls in full costume performed traditional dances, while a troop of young boys sporting big grins joined the girls, revolving around them banging sticks together. Crowds gathered around the dance floor snapping endless cell images, from selfies to group shots to photos of the dancers.,The dancers were followed by games and challenges that got the crowd roaring with laughter and cheering the victors: Boys on short stilts trying to knock each other off, tugs of war with thick ropes, fast-moving hopscotch where you had to avoid being tripped by sticks being moved back and forth, and holding a heavy, water-filled jug by the teeth the longest.,A few brave souls from the crowd went up to try their hand at the games to a tumultuous cacophony.,Then it was time to dance. The contingent of hostesses got the action started and kept it going by continuously asking officials, dignitaries and special guests to dance (who were delighted by what was a very smart public relations tactic, that also included sitting and posing for photos with them). This sparked a surge from the tables to the dance floor, everyone moving in a circle around the dance floor.,While women demonstrated the lithe and intricate hand movements that make Lao dance so beautiful, the men tended to be very reserved. When a hostess asked me to dance, I apparently – inadvertently ‒ broke from the cultural norm.,I imitated, perhaps exaggerated, hand gestures, and perhaps added some western body movements – to the mirth of the hostesses who were cracking up. Men don’t do this. When the dance was done, I got a big thumbs up from my partner.,Meanwhile, the cultural fulcrum of the annual celebration was getting under way nearby in the village meeting room:  the official exhortation of the ancestors, led by Pak Laed’s shaman.,Using a small PA system, the shaman began by talking about Khmu history and culture. He progressed into chanting, to communicate directly with ancestors, thanking them for their blessings in 2019 and asking for their support to ensure the coming year will be filled with all the best.,The room was filled with elders, hostesses and several special guests like me. As the shaman chanted, the gathered supplicants responded in a lively, staccato, heartfelt give and take, acknowledging the spirits of their forerunners for all they have and enjoy.,People arrived with gifts of flowers and foods ‒ the spirits’ favorite foods in life, including sticky rice, sweet potato and fruit, hung from strings on poles – to honor and respect them, and thank them for watching over them.,The chanting grew stronger and more strident, reaching a crescendo – and then abruptly stopped for the string ceremony. The shaman and other elders went around the room tying strings around people’s wrists signifying that the ancestors will especially remember and assist them in having a very good year ahead. I got three strings tied to each wrist – so I’m hoping for a fabulous new year.,By early afternoon, some of the reveling was shifting to the streets of the village, all around the festival grounds. After all, this was a New Year celebration so, in addition to celebrating their cultural traditions, the festival was all about seriously partying.,Tables were set up on the street in front of houses, where beer and snacks were served, and convivial house-hopping was under way. People were making the rounds around the village, stopping to drink, eat and laugh with friends for a while before moving on to the next house ‒ a bar-hopping scene par excellence.,As we sat at the table in front of Sommay’s sister’s house, a steady stream of friends stopped by for 10-15 minutes at a time to chug beer, tell jokes and shoot the breeze, then they were off to someone else’s place. Sommay had lit a small barbecue to prepare some grilled snacks to go with the beer:  chicken skewers, pork balls on a stick, mini frankfurters.,Glasses were never empty. Even if you took a little sip your glass was immediately refilled by Butan, Sommay’s brother-in-law. And every refill came with a clink and a toast.,On and on it went, the entire afternoon, into the evening.  Joking, laughter, drinking, toasting everything there is to toast. The ancestors were being sufficiently honored and respected; they were happy ‒ a good omen for the year to come.,Sommay was beaming with satisfaction that he was able to share his culture with me. “We were simple people, eating taro and plantain,” he said. “Today we live modern lives but we always remain Khmu people.”,Author Bio: Ed Placidi is a freelance travel writer/photographer who discovered his passion for exploring the world as a teenager and has gone on to travel ‒ mainly on solo, independent adventures including a number of extended voyages across continents ‒ in 104 countries (so far).,Loire Valley — Dotted with castles and vineyards, this is the Garden of France,Known as the “Garden of France,” the Loire Valley is equally famous for its châteaux built by kings and nobles. This land of vineyards, flowers and rolling green hills dotted with more than a thousand castles was the favorite residence of French royals during the Renaissance period.,Located in central France, La Vallée de la Loire is distinguished by the country’s longest waterway, the Loire River, which flows 634 miles (1020 km) from the Cévennes Mountains to the Atlantic Ocean. Thanks to the Train à Grande Vitesse (TGV), France’s high-speed rail service, it is possible to get from Paris to the heart of the Loire in less than an hour.,Here are some of the places and events you won’t want to miss on a trip to the Loire:,The Best Itinerary,Day 1: Start in Tours at the junction of the Loire and Cher Rivers.,Day 2: Check out le Château d´Amboise (in Amboise; www.chateau-amboise.com) in the morning and cycle to nearby Château Chenonceau (in the village of Chenonceaux; www.chenonceau.com ) in the afternoon.,Day 3: Visit historic Chinon and its castle from which the Plantagenet dynasty, a line of English kings in the 12th to 15th centuries, ruled England and half of France. It was here that Joan of Arc, French military leader and national heroine, convinced the dauphin in 1429 to claim the throne of France and save the country from English domination.,Day 4: Spend the morning in Azay le Rideau for its château and the afternoon in nearby Château de Villandry (in Villandry). Leave lots of time to explore the extensive gardens.,Day 5: Spend the morning in Blois and visit the Château de Blois; in the afternoon, take the shuttle to the Châteaux de Chambord (in Chambord; www.chambord.org) and Cheverny (in the town of Cheverny; www.chateau-cheverny.fr).,You can either move from town to town each day or stay in one central town and take local trains or drive to the next location. The distances between each town and château are very modest. July and August are considered the “high season,” with special events scheduled such as sound-and-light shows at the châteaux, and extra train runs to accommodate more tourists.,At other times of the year, take careful note of train departure times so as not to be stranded for several hours. You can pick up a booklet listing the schedules at any SNCF (Société Nationale des Chemins de fer Français, France’s railway company) station.,The Best City,The bustling university town of Tours makes an excellent home base from which to explore the region. During the Middle Ages, it was one of the great pilgrimage sites of Europe. Today, it is a rail hub and traditional gateway to the Loire Valley, as it is easy to get to any other town in the region from here.,The medieval Old Town features beautiful Renaissance and neo-classical mansions clustered around the famous Plumereau square, filled with open-air cafés. Visit the Cathedral of St. Gatien and stay at Hôtel Mirabeau for clean, relatively large rooms and bathrooms, a warm welcome and a convenient five-minute walk from the train station (www.hotel-mirabeau.fr; 89 bis blvd. Heurteloup, 37000 Tours; dbl. €40-52; 25 rooms).,My favorite restaurant is Le Mastroquet (19 place Gaston Paillhou, 37000 Tours, closed Sunday evening and Monday, about US$ 30 for the prix fixe menu without wine)., ,The Best Château,Yes, it’s highly subjective and there are some serious competitors for the title, but Château Villandry, (www.chateauvillandry.com) 9.3 miles (15 km) west of Tours, offers the best total château experience. Villandry, which dates from the late Renaissance period, is most famous for its formal gardens.,Splendid views of the gardens can be seen from the château’s upper floors and battlemented tower. Extensive restoration within has expanded what is available to see in the château (train to Azay le Rideau or Savonnières and then taxi; daily from 9 a.m. until 6:30 p.m. in the high season, closing as early as 5 p.m. in the low season).,The runners up for the title? Chenonceau (with an impressive view of the Cher river) and Chambord (the largest of all the castles).,The Best Spectacle,The 17th century Château de Cheverny has lovely furnished rooms and an elegant white tuffa-stone façade, but the real show happens at 5 p.m. when 70 hunting hounds are served dinner.,Once the dogs are finally allowed to eat the food that was placed in the center of the kennel several minutes earlier, they turn from happy, hyper, bouncy hounds into a writhing, snarling, snapping, heaving, jumping, plunging, fighting mass of scavengers for about two minutes, until all the food is gone and order is restored.,A convenient shuttle service from Blois twice a day offers transportation and reduced entry fees to both Chambord and Cheverny, along with some highly diverting, error-filled commentary in a hilariously fractured form of English. (I’ll bet you didn’t know that “General” Hitler dropped nuclear “stuff” in the Loire, did you?),The Best Restaurant,Au Rendez-Vous des Pêcheurs specializes in local seafood. Be prepared to spend the whole evening and about US$ 100 per person for the prix fixe menu, without wine, for an extraordinary gourmet experience that delivers more than you expect at every turn. The service is warm and attentive, and the food is truly memorable with unusual food pairings such as red pepper-and-raspberry sorbet (27 rue du Foix, Blois).,The Best Way to Spend an Afternoon,Rent a bike at one of several shops in Amboise and cycle along the well-marked path to the beautiful Château de Chenonceau, 7.5 miles (12 km) away. The path traverses the lovely forest of Forêt d’Amboise, passes through fields of wheat and oats edged with poppies and other wildflowers, and farming villages.,Yes, there are some challenging hills, but you’re on vacation with nothing to prove; walk your bike to the top if it becomes too much like work. The trip down the other side of the hill is a blast!,Best Hotel,The Hôtel Diderot in Chinon, a lovely old family home built in the 15th century, was restored in the 18th century and converted to a small hotel by a team of two sisters and a brother. The rooms are much larger than average, and attractively furnished and decorated. There is a lovely garden lining the patio where you can take breakfast, or you can eat in the country-style dining room with beamed ceiling. Either way, you will be offered an assortment of delicious homemade jams (www.hoteldiderot.com; 4, rue de Buffon, 37500 Chinon; sgl. €41- 52; dbl. €51-71).,Best Breakfast,Hot, fresh baguettes and chocolate croissants are baked on the premises of Hôtel le Blason in Amboise, which also dates from the 15th and 18th centuries (www.leblason.fr; 11 place Richelieu, 37400 Amboise; sgl. €44-56; dbl. €49-56; 25 rooms). Whoever said that breakfast is the most important meal of the day definitely ate here.,Whether you are tracing the route taken by Joan of Arc, exploring châteaux, or in search of fine wine, the Loire Valley has much to offer. Enjoy your stay in the Valley of the Kings.,If You Go,Western France Tourist Board,www.westernfrancetouristboard.com,Loire Valley Regional Tourist Guide,www.visaloire.com,Castles of France,www.castles-france.net,French Tourist Office,www.franceguide.com, ,An often-missed Thai destination, Hat Yai is inexpensive, full of great dining and shopping, top beaches and a waterfall. Here’s what to do in Hat Yai.,Editor’s Note: Planning a bucket list adventure? Here’s a piece on Hat Yai, a unique destination in southern Thailand. Enjoy!,The vast majority of Hat Yai’s tourists gravitate toward its night markets and street foods that sprawl all over the country’s southern pearl. However, explore beyond the hustle and bustle of this metropolis in southern Thailand and you’re in a different domain, a land of idyllic beaches and a massive seven-story-high waterfall.,There is something that sets Hat Yai apart from others (like Bangkok), but it’s truly something that cannot be explained, only felt.,Despite being a tourist hub for neighboring countries like Malaysia and Singapore, Hat Yai prices are considerably lower than in Bangkok. From accommodation and transportation to food, your wallet will say yes to everything. In fact, I managed to spend only $200 during my three days here.,You can eat pad thai for as low as 25 baht (80 cents U.S.) in Hat Yai, whereas in Bangkok prices start at an inflated 70 baht ($2.22 U.S.) and go up to 212 baht ($6.70 U.S.) if you want huge shrimp. ,Some useful travel tips for your perfect trip to Hat Yai:,In contrast to Phuket, Hat Yai has a stark difference, and that is the type of travelers.,Being under the radar and a secret of its own, this southern gem shies away from the rest of the world. It builds its tourism mainly upon Malaysian and Singaporean tourists and that’s about it. It is a mystery as to why Hat Yai has been left untouched.,In Penang, I was hanging out by the shisha lounge, planning our next destination with a woman from the U.K., when I mentioned Hat Yai. She looked a little bemused and asked, “Is this even real?”,There is an abundance of opportunities to splurge your money on unique, local food and dessert in Hat Yai. Kim Yong Market is one to look forward to where you can put your bargaining skills to good use.,Exotic fruits, towers of dried chiles, smokey grills and the city’s rickshaws line up along the roadside starting at 6 a.m.,With three night markets within easy walking distance, you will think that having two hands are never enough. The two-story madness at Asean Night Market, open-air shopping at Greenway Night Market and the largest and newest mall in southern Thailand, Central Festival, attract all kinds of travelers. It’s hard to resist.,Eating in Hat Yai can be both a joyous and chaotic affair. Forks are forsaken in favor of fingers and food is indulged with unparalleled gusto.,Pulling up a stool on a random street or settling down at a posh restaurant, hungry travelers will never be bored by the wide array of Asian cuisines. And did I mention it is cheap?,After a few rounds of mango sticky rice (10 baht, about 40 cents U.S.) and coconut ice cream (40 baht, about $1.30 U.S.), a foot massage is the icing on the cake.,Hat Yai’s largest food haven is the Greenway Night Market, which is divided into 26 zones. Plenty of stalls are selling all sorts of snacks and finger foods like takoyaki, coconut jelly and sexy ice-blended drinks. ,Immerse yourself in an authentic taste of local life with Hat Yai’s very own enchanting floating market.,Khlong Hae Floating Market tailors a unique experience. Like Bangkok’s floating market, you can wander along the canal side and its buzzing bazaars to soak up the atmosphere of this vibrant area. The markets are only open on weekends, the earlier the better.,For Muslim visitors, Hat Yai gastronomy caters to Muslim tourists, especially from Malaysia, so expect to see vendors with straw hats over their hijabs.,Exchange the bustling and big-city charms of Hat Yai for the natural beauty of Ton Nga Chang, Hat Yai’s seven-stories-high waterfall. Hidden away in the dense jungle of a wildlife sanctuary, Ton Nga Chang Waterfall has seven tiers for all kinds of visitors.,The jungle vista from the second tier is stunning and there’s even more from the seventh tier, a beautiful verdant vision of the huge primeval forest.,Plastic bottles are not allowed on the trail so it is best to bring your own bottle and get it refilled at one of the food stalls nearby. Do wear sturdy sports shoes for climbing up the steep slopes to the upper tiers.,Besides waterfalls, Hat Yai doesn’t shy away from the beach and the ocean.,With its long stretch of sand and famous mermaid statue, Samila Beach deserves more recognition. It isn’t as pretty as the beaches in Trang, Hat Yai’s hidden competitor in the south, but this underrated beach still manages to snag some of the best scenery of the Gulf of Thailand.,A five-minute drive from the beach will unveil a hidden gem in Hat Yai, where only locals visit. Khao Kao Saen has been developed with the help of the Tourism Authority of Thailand for its scenic landscape and ideal location.,With massive, jaunty rocks to climb on and the vast ocean as the highlight, you are spoiled for choices to photograph. This gem was built upon a royal decree with a temple at the back. And,  it’s open to the public for free.,Author’s Bio: An avid traveler with wallet restrictions, Fad Sheik believes traveling does not need to be expensive nor cliche. We all can travel affordably if we have the curiosity and that short burst of energy. When he’s not traveling or writing, he designs web layouts and edits pictures in Lightroom.,It is said that “it is good people who make good places” and here, the proverb comes true. Learn about a homestay at Kila Dalijoda and enjoy peaceful exploration of India away from the tourist traffic.,If you are traveling to India with the ambitious hope of avoiding the 10 million tourists’ most-beaten tracks, you should consider a heritage homestay at Kila Dalijoda, a one-time hunting lodge near Choudwar, in the eastern state of Odisha (formerly Orissa) and near Cuttack. ,About one hour northeast of Bhubaneswar, the vibrant capital city of Odisha, this ex-royal residence has a story worth telling. On an early morning in 1931, Raja Bahadhur Jyoti Prasad Singh Deo, fourth Maharaja of the Zamindari State of Panchkote, on the western frontier of Bengal, was traveling with his hunting procession toward Orissa, in search of tigers.,The Indian subcontinent was under the steadfast rule of the British Empire, which dealt with the 500 Indian royal families, applying the less-than-noble policy of the carrot and the stick, and imposing an irritating bureaucracy upon their liberty.,Learn the language with your extra time before you travel with Babbel. Babbel has courses for all levels, so whether you just want to be able to get around or have deeper conversations, you can find a program here.,Approaching the Kingdom of Bamra, Raja Bahadhur sent his envoy, as usual, to ask permission for entering its territory. The Raja of Bamra was a 9-year-old boy put under a British official’s custody until maturity age. The two royal families were still linked by a long-lasting and consolidated alliance, reinforced by a couple of inter-marriages.,Having supported the anti-British upsurge of 1857 in West Bengal, the Singh Deo royal family was not so well thought of by the new rulers, who awaited a chance for revenge. The permission was denied.,Raja Bahadhur was deeply hurt by the offense and quite embarrassed by the situation. He was in the middle of the forest, with his carts, his elephants, his guns, his porters, his servants, his supplies – with no place to go. It was not an easy encampment to move around. He swore to himself that he never again would suffer such an awkward and humiliating impasse.,With the intercession of another fellow-Raja, he procured 11,000 acres of forest in the nearby province of Choudwar, where he reserved sole hunting rights. And there he built his new castle: in 1933, Kila Dalijoda opened its gate to the imperial elephants of Panchkote, becoming the posh residence for many royal hunting expeditions.,Eventually, in 1947, India regained its independence. The British colonizers left behind not only a deprived and traumatized country but also a long list of sadly problematic heritages. One of them was the systematic and extensive deforestation that, among other damages, forced many wild animals to leave their habitat and move elsewhere. This is how tigers disappeared from most parts of Odisha and, consequently, hunting ceased.,After being abandoned for more than 30 years, in 2012 Kila Dalijoda was converted into a quaint eco-friendly Airbnb home-stay with wifi, run by a delightful couple, Debjit Prasad, direct offspring of the Singh Deo royal family, and his wife Kumari Namrata Kumari, princess of a different dynasty. ,Set against a backdrop of hills and surrounded by lush green forest, Kila Dalijoda is made of dark red laterite and lime mortar. The two-story mansion getaway has a turret in each corner and a stained-glass window with flower pattern casting beams of colored lights in each room, enhanced by original vintage furniture and artifacts. ,The decadent charm of its lost splendor embraces and drives the guests at check-in in the dream-like atmosphere of an enchanted castle. But crossing the elephant-sized gates of Kila Dalijoda is a not-to-be-missed experience for much more than colonial nostalgia.,It is said that “it is good people who make good places” and here, without a doubt, the proverb comes true. Debjit and Namrataboth have a natural talent for conveying their culture and knowledge to others, to let them gently enter and take part in Odisha’s lifestyle and reality, to encourage and facilitate the exploration of the pristine surrounding territory and its traditions.,They don’t sell a package tour; they don’t offer fake adventures. They serve authentic food and genuine experiences. As your sense of taste will immediately recognize the difference between a pre-cooked meal from a home-made delicacy, your heart will instinctively perceive that what you are experiencing is unique.,Learn more about Indian cooking and make your own dishes before you go with Made In India: Recipes From an Indian Family Kitchen by Meera Sodha. Available here.,Debjit is a natural-born anthropologist. When I walk with him through the region that once belonged to his ancestors, I feel as if a friend was accompanying me to explore his neighborhood. With him, the tribal communities cease to be tourist attractions, becoming interesting acquaintances he would like me to meet and interact with. They don’t dress for me to take pictures, nor dance for my donations. They simply let me in, and just keep doing what they were doing before: strew with cow-dung their courtyards, cook their food and drink their rice-beer.,We visit a monastery of half-naked sadhus belonging to the Alekh Mahima Dharma (literally, the Glorious Dharma of Void), a contemporary ascetic tradition within the Orissa Hindu reform movement. They believe in Nothingness as the Supreme Principle of the Universe, and consequently, reject the caste system. They live a simple life, made of asceticism, rituals and meditation.,For the first 15-20 years of monastic life, the monks cannot spend more than 24 hours in the same location, so they perpetually roam around, from village to village, barefoot and naked, preaching Nothingness as the Ultimate Reality. They have thousands of followers, scattered around the region.,I witness their wild and powerful pujas, punctuated by the thumping sound of drums and gong. I am bewildered. Their devotion transmits to me a sort of primordial energy full of sacred and mysterious significances, which I instinctively sense but rest unable to decipher. I leave with a feeling of blessing: the privilege of beholding a glowing and secret vision.,Later, we stop in the atelier of an artist-weaver, whose priceless masterpieces are exposed in museums all over India. After visiting his laboratory, Masterji shows me his collection. Some artworks have taken up to five years and six men’s skills to be completed.,Their embroidery narrates stories from Indian mythology or replicates the intricate carvings of the ancient temples of Orissa. One gigantic tapestry retraces the salient episodes of Mahatma Gandhi’s legendary life, who made the weaving-craft a symbol of Indian identity. In fact, Silk production employs more than 6 million people. ,We also meet an old lady silk spinner, a traditional activity for many Indian rural and tribal people. In Odisha alone, sericulture provides employment for more than 6 million people involving 700,000 farmers in 59,000 villages. The lady, with dark, wrinkled skin, sits on the floor, partially wrapped in a pink sari. Her movements look ancient and meek.,Driven by Debjit’s inexhaustible energy, I follow him in a remote village to discover the traditional art of metal forging. I visit a cows’ shelter, worship one of the four yogini temples of India, and walk 10 km (6.2 miles) in the jungle to a small tribal settlement, where I sit in a family courtyard, hug their children, and invent creative strategies to communicate with them all – 65 inhabitants and 20-some huts, a community on the brink of extinction, bravely trying to preserve its tribal identity.,We stare at each other with the innocent audacity of children. Our differences merge on the cow-dung courtyard pavement, around the rice cooking pot, at the lilting rhythm of the wooden spoon stirring the stew. I realize how a burst of laughing can dramatically reduce distances.,Next to each mud-dwelling, a brick cabin with asbestos roof, painted a pathetic pink, sticks out. It is the most effective achievement of a government campaign named Swachh Bharat  (Sanitation of Rural India), a program that costs $28 billion and, according to official sources, a “complete success.” In five years, millions of latrines have been constructed. Too bad that very few of them are used for what they were supposed to.,The great majority of the pink cabins, in fact, lie there, deserted. Either they are abandoned in ruins or used as storage. Many have the asbestos roof broken, if not missing, and vegetation growing up inside. Some doors are ripped out and piled up nearby.,“They came, they built up the things, and they left”, explains a villager. “We didn’t know how to use them. It felt strange. With time, they got broken. Nobody ever came to check. Eventually, we forgot the whole story.”,The ambitious government program has invested in bricks and concrete, but not in education and maintenance, perhaps ignoring that bricks and concrete deteriorate and need maintenance, while education is as needed as bricks to build a change.   ,The same bleakness is shared by the solar single-panels standing next to each hut, broken and unworkable as well. They merely survived a couple of monsoons, often resulting here in devastating typhoons, and turning such innovative and strategic installations into dead poles. Their disturbing appearance, utterly failing to harmonize with the mud village, results in damage beyond the mockery.,Along the way, Debjit’s presence remains always discreet, competent and attentive. He elegantly stays at my side, letting me free to experience everything without interfering, unless I require it.,When such a carousel of emotional adventures needs a pause for thought, here comes Namrita’s time. With authentic regal finesse, she introduces me to the ocean of Indian mythology, alternating family anecdotes and epic tales, poetry and psychology, recipes and Indian philosophy. We approach divinities, saints and mysteries. We dive into each other’s dreams in search of true messages. We exchange quotations and poetry. To enjoy her conversation over a steaming cup of masala chai is a pleasure that quickly evolves into a daily ritual I just don’t want to miss. ,Discourses reach their climax when guests and family gather around the dining table to savor some of the best specialties of Indian home-cooking. Under Namrata’s meticulous supervision, Kila Dalijoda cuisine became not only a taste bud delight but real culinary art.,Years of study and research have made her a master chef of multi-regional delicacies: from Gujarat to Bengal, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha, she lavishes her guests with the most amazing meals they could ever find in any restaurant. On top of that, many of the ingredients come from the in-house organic kitchen-garden, the property fruit trees, and the small dairy that offers, daily, fresh milk, curd, and paneer, the traditional Indian cheese. ,Debjit and Namrata’s company is never a one-way experience. On the contrary, they are curious and sensitive enough to encourage the exchange of opinions and confrontations on every subject: They love to learn and reflect on different perspectives and visions from all over the world. This is why their dining table often becomes a global arena where an intriguing variety of ideas and data are jointly discussed and analyzed, blended with their innate sense of respect and elegant humor.,Before departing, I ask Namrata to reveal the secret of Kila Dalijoda’s enchanting atmosphere. She replies with an enigmatic smile and requests that I follow her downstairs. We stop in the courtyard in front of a small structure with three doors. One has some red symbols drawn above its jamb, and a few shining colored strips hanging from it, fluttering in the wind. Two tiny orange flowers sit on the threshold, and a small straw basket hangs on one side.,Namrata says it is time I met the real owner of the castle. She introduces me to Bagla Mukhi, the patroness goddess of Kila Dalijoda. “The entire property belongs to her, not only in our beliefs but on the official deed as well,” Namrata explains. “From the bricks to the trees, everything is hers. Us included. We are just the take-cares of her property.,“Whatever happens, good or bad, depends upon our divine mother, and we consider it a sign of her will. Therefore, we feel grateful, anyway. We are delighted if you enjoy your stay. But thank the goddess, not us.”,Before you go: Check https://odisha.gov.in/ for more information on openings and travel in India,Author’s Bio: Marta Franceschini is a prize-winning Italian author, journalist and scholar. For many years she has worked as a freelance correspondent for Italian newspapers, magazines and radio broadcasts from India. She has lived in Delhi, Bangalore and the Thar desert of Rajasthan. Her skill in colloquial Hindi and Urdu enables her itineraries to be daringly off-the-beaten-track. She loves to go where others don’t, and chasing her intuition she often discovers uncharted treasures. ,The remote Meteora Monasteries in the Kalambaka Valley are striking not only for their unusual mountain-top locations but also for the Greek history and traditions that are still present.,Nestled in the mountains of central Greece is a land that time forgot. Giant fingers of brown sandstone rise up out of the Kalambaka Valley like the hands of God reaching toward heaven.,Perched miraculously on the tips of these fingers are the Meteora monasteries and one convent, all of which are active and thriving.,The area is called Meteora, and it literally means “columns of the sky.”,In the 11th century, holy monks began to occupy caves high up in the almost inaccessible peaks. These were natural refuges from the distractions of civilization and a quiet place in which to lead a life of contemplation.,These hermit caves can still be seen from the highway. Some are hundreds of feet up a sheer cliff. Once inside, the occupant was there to stay. None are currently in use but are popular stopovers for rock climbers scaling the vertical heights.,At the time of the great revival of the eremitic ideal in the 15th century, 24 of these monasteries in Meteora were built.,The oldest monastery was begun around 1382 during the Turkish occupation when the local monks kept climbing higher to avoid the looting and banditry infecting the area.,Once atop these almost inaccessible peaks, they lowered rope ladders to friends on the ground that sent up building materials and food. A system of levered pulleys with large baskets followed, and that is how they bring up their supplies to this day.,Now, there are roads connecting all the buildings, but the inhabitants mostly use the old baskets and even have a hand-pulled cable car system for crossing some of the deeper chasms.,Creaking cables cause all eyes to look up at a basket full of monks inching along a tiny cable a thousand feet (305 m) above the valley floor. The natural rock buildings blend so even with the scenery, they are hard to spot at first. Only the red tile roofs give them away.,Centuries of weather have caused natural streaking of the rock acts as a natural camouflage. A plaque over one monastery door telling the history of the valley says the streaks are monk’s tears, crying for the sins of the outside world.,Upon completion, the monastery Megalo Meteoro, or Metamorphosis, claimed the former Serbian Emperor, Symeon Uros, as a monk.,He gave the bulk of his wealth to his new home and had the interior frescoed with gruesome scenes of Romans persecuting Christians. A visit to the main chapel is like a tour through one of Hieronymus Bosch Renaissance painting where blood and torn flesh is the order of the day.,Next in time came the Agia Triada, or Holy Trinity monastery, built during the 15th century. It is the most photogenic of them all and even starred in the James Bond Movie, “For Your Eyes Only.” Today, Agia Triada is the poster ad for all of Meteora.,Even with the modern parking lot at its base, a visitor must climb 140 steps cut into the rock wall. It sits on the steepest and most isolated of all these rock fingers.,Two monks who named it for an esthetic hermit that had originally occupied the mountaintop founded the Varlaam Monastery in 1517. It houses a valuable collection of Byzantine relics, from carved crosses and icons to intricately embroidered altar vestments.,A famous muralist named Frangos Katelanos frescoed its interior. Building upon the old site of a former church, two brothers founded the Roussanou Monastery in 1545. It is the most inaccessible, having to cross a wooden bridge between two fingers peaks to reach its draw gate, and it is known for its icon collection.,Agios Nikolaos Anapafsas was named for a patron responsible for funding its construction in the 16th century. It is the smallest of the Meteora monasteries and sits on a stub of sandstone alongside its much taller brothers, looking very much like a thumb to the finger towering over it.,The valley’s single convent, Agios Stefanos, or Saint Stephan, is fairly modern by local standards, having been built in 1798 after the original church was destroyed? possibly by an earthquake.,The occupying nuns are courteous and friendly, but no visitor gets past them with bare shoulders or knees. Novices holding piles of plain blue aprons and capes meet tourist buses at the gate.,Anyone not meeting the exacting dress standards must don the local sackcloth or be turned away. Once inside, novitiates line the walkway with fingers to their lips reminding people this is a place of worship.,The nunnery houses a large skull collection of former members. It is a powerful reminder of the impermanence of this life. Inside the walls of these Byzantine fortresses, life goes on as it has for more than 900 years.,Wine is still made in giant oak vats where the monks climb in with bare feet to crush the grapes. Most of the carpentry and masonry tools are handmade in the same style as their Greek ancestors.,A monk in a leather apron works a hand-pumped bellows on a furnace where terracotta bowls are fired. Bearded black-robed monks wander the cobbled streets, with bowed heads buried in their vespers.,If approached with a camera, they will turn away or issue a fierce look that leaves no doubt about taking their photo. In a tiny studio tucked away by itself, I came upon a monk painting traditional icons. He did not acknowledge me as I entered, but neither did he turn me away when he saw my camera.,Perhaps he allowed himself this one tiny act of vanity, being proud of his work. He used hand ground pigments bonded with egg yolk to make tempera paint common in the middle ages, but almost unheard of today.,He outlined his subjects in pencil, then applied real gold leaf backgrounds. The gold leaf was applied by rubbing it over his forehead using natural oils in his skin as an adhesive. Icons are a time-honored tradition in Greece, and this man was continuing a line unbroken for centuries.,All who dwell within these walls have forsaken the modern world. Visitors are welcome, but there is little or no interaction between tourists and the inhabitants. The one concession they make to the modern world is their gift shops. Each building has one, selling reproductions of icons, statues and books about the history of the valley and its famous residents.,The monks and nuns who man the cash registers are friendly and courteous but self-contained. If you ask a personal question or anything not covered by a guidebook, they will stonewall you with a polite smile. They are among us, but not of us.,Today you can park your car and climb a walkway to all these places, but once you pass their gates, you have stepped back centuries to the land in the clouds.,Check out our Greece Travel Guide for more information.,How to Get There,Take a four-hour ride by bus or catch a train from Athens’ Larissis Station to the town of Volos in central Greece. Then take the narrow gauge railway to Kalambaka. Once in town, any taxi driver will give you a tour. The group of Meteora monasteries is about a mile (1.6 km) north of Kalambaka.,The Hilltop Monastery,Hire George Kokkotos. George is a local native who drove cabs in New York for several years before returning home to run his one man tour company and has become rather famous.,He will pick you up in his Mercedes sedan and make the three-hour drive to Delphi for a tour of the ruins. Then it’s on to Meteora where George will arrange for you to stay in one of a number of private residences on local farms. Each trip is custom, depending on what you want to see and do. Reach George through his email at georgetaxitours@yahoo.com.,Where to Stay,In Kalambaka try the Divani Meteora Hotel. This is a four-star luxury hotel with 165 rooms, pool and on-site restaurant and bar in downtown Kalambaka. This town is so small; you can see all of it from the central square.,Antoniades Hotel is well suited for budget travelers. The two-star hotel popular with backpackers and rock climbers has 59 rooms with a restaurant.,Author: James Michael Dorsey,Vienna is home to beautiful wineries. Read about what this wine-producing region has to offer here.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,“It’s so clear you can see the whole city,” my friend Gabriela says, pointing at the scene below us. We’re in the middle of a vineyard on a hill high above Vienna. Below us, the Danube slowly winds its way through the Austrian capital.,The Gothic spires of St. Stephen’s Cathedral poke high in the air, and I can see the Prater, Vienna’s Giant Ferris Wheel, in the distance.,Even though it’s a view I’ve seen before, the scene makes me smile. Vienna captured my heart when I was a student studying abroad.,When I arrived here, I didn’t like wine, coffee or classical music. But Vienna worked her magic, and when I left, all three were things I relish.  ,These days, I return to Vienna as often as I can, but summer is my favorite time to visit. The outdoor patios in the Old Town are filled with diners, and the city’s palace gardens are at their peak colors.,Best of all, the vineyards, which run from the edge of the Vienna Woods to the shores of the Danube, have sprung again to life. ,Vienna is the only city capital with a significant wine growing area within the city limits – in fact, it has more than 1,700 acres covered in vineyards.,There are more than 190 winemakers, mainly in the Nussberg, Kahlenberg and Bisamberg hills surrounding Vienna. Even Schönbrunn Palace, one of the city’s icons, has its own vineyards.  ,Wine tradition in Vienna runs deep. While Germany may have its beer gardens, Vienna has her wine gardens and taverns. In 1784, Hapsburg Emperor Josef II gave a special edict granting wine growers the right to sell their own wines – and the beloved local Heurige tradition was born. ,Viennese Heurige are wine taverns where winemakers serve their own wine, as well as traditional homemade foods.,Known for their atmosphere of Gemütlichkeit (coziness), many also have outdoor seating in gardens or courtyards where you can relax over a nice glass of wine and inexpensive dishes like dark bread with Liptaurer (spicy cheese) or other creamy spreads, potato, cucumber or carrot salads, sauerkraut and many types of roast meats. ,Heurige are only open when they have wine to offer. When winemakers hang a bundle of coniferous twigs above their door and use the word, Ausg’steckt, that means the Heurige is open.,A favorite activity in Vienna is hiking through the vineyards and then ending at a local Heurige. There’s even an official Vienna Wine Hiking Day each autumn, where wine lovers can hike one of three set trails through the vineyards. Along the way, vintners offer tastings from their cellars and kitchens. ,Local vineyards, as well as the Vienna Woods, are easily reached via Vienna’s modern and easy-to-use transportation system. I like staying in the Old Town when I visit.,It took me only 40 minutes to go from the Grand Ferdinand Hotel, a lovely boutique hotel on the Ringstrasse, to Grinzing via the 38A bus. ,From there, Gabriela and I set out on the 3.4-mile Grinzinger-Steigs trail. The path winds from town up into the vineyard-covered hills connecting the two former wine villages of Grinzing and Nussdorf. The first vineyard we passed had named their grapevines after famous celebrities, from Christoph Waltz to the Dalai Lama.

We followed the trail as it skirted along the Vienna Woods, with its thick green forest and lush underbrush. A network of hiking and biking trails crisscrosses the hills, and we passed cyclists and hikers. Sometimes the trail meandered through the woods before turning down rows of tidy vines. ,Vienna produces mainly white wine, with Grüner Veltliner the most popular variety. Locals also love their Gemischter Satz, a wine made from a variety of grapes.,Growers may plant more than 20 different grape varieties in their vineyard, and then harvest and press them together to create a unique Gemischter Satz. There is great debate among my Viennese friends, but many of them like Gemischter Satz mixed with soda water to make a G’spritzer. ,When the weather is nice, local wine taverns open small wine gardens in the vineyards, where they serve wine and small bites.,We pass many of them on our hike – Wieninger am Nussberg, Mayer am Nussberg, Heuriger Sirbu – and each one looks tempting. But we continue our journey, soaking in the warm sunshine and fresh air. Eventually, though, the sun starts to set.,So, we stop for one last overlook of the city before cutting down through rows of vines, past a tiny cemetery, and into the former village of Nussdorf, now a suburb of Vienna.,There we head to Heuriger Kierlinger, a winegrower’s tavern that has been run by the same family in this location since 1787.,On hot summer days, the tavern’s outdoor courtyard and guest garden are shaded by ancient linden and chestnut trees. It’s dark, though, so we head inside to the cozy room lined with 19th-century-style simple wooden tables. ,As we order wine and then select some of my favorite Austrian dishes, I must smile. Here, surrounded by friendly faces, tasty food and good conversation, I’m happy to be in Vienna again.,Start planning your Vienna vacation today. Get prepared with insider knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan even more fun by booking some unique Vienna adventures with Bookmundi. Check out expert-led tours, multi-day adventures and one of a kind experiences here.,Find the ultimate flight deals, train tickets and car rental options through OMIO Travel Partner.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,With colorful towns, breathtaking landscapes and rich culture, Bangladesh is a truly unique travel destination. Read one traveler’s experience of being welcomed in Bangladesh.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,We entered the dirt-lane village of the Garo people in northern Bangladesh unknown and unannounced but were received like long-lost family. Emerging from their bamboo and mud houses with tin roofs, people gathered around us.,Plastic chairs, a small table and a pitcher of water and glasses appeared. My guide, Zia Islam, of Tours & Trips Bangladesh, was answering in Bengali the many questions about who I was and why I was there. Then tea and biscuits arrived, and we talked and laughed. It was like coming home.,“We don’t have a Taj Mahal or much tourism infrastructure, our attraction is our people,” Zia explained.  ,Wistfully noting that Bangladesh is not a tourist destination, he added, “It is only travelers looking for new experiences who come here, and what they discover is the people of Bangladesh.”,It became clear to me what Zia meant about the Bangladeshi people upon leaving the hyper-madness of Dhaka.,The capital’s old city is a must see – an unsurpassed, breathtaking surge of pulsating human activity in one of the most densely populated and polluted spaces on earth ‒ but everything changes when you leave the frantic, rarified world of Dhaka.  ,Driving, sailing and riding trains across Bangladesh for several weeks, the curious, friendly – and sometimes staring as if you were a visitor from another galaxy ‒ denizens of this poor and overcrowded country embraced me with an unreserved welcome.,Sailing from Dhaka on a hydrofoil to the southern port of Barisal, the throbbing gateway to the riverine water world of southern Bangladesh, Zia asked if I wanted to join the captain on the bridge.,When I said yes, he informed me, “It’s not allowed, but they will never say no to you because you’re a visitor to our country.” ,I knocked on the bridge door, was immediately invited in, and a chair was set up for me next to the non-English-speaking captain. ,In silence, we plied the widest rivers I’ve ever seen – the banks not even visible at times ‒ competing with an endless parade of rusty barges and cargo vessels laden with bags of rice while slicing through massive growths of water hyacinths carpeting the surface.,Karapur’s 15th-century Mia Bari – a standout among Bangladesh’s colorful red mosques with ornate silver-gray relief work ‒  is a forgotten legacy of the days of the Sultan, lost in languid and idyllic countryside of rice paddies, mango and papaya trees, grazing goats and large ponds, only an hour away but far removed from the bustling urban scene of Barisal.,Walking into the village after visiting the mosque, a simple greeting, the standard Muslim “assalamwalaikum,” immediately invited us into the lives and hospitality of the villagers.,The questions came in quick succession: “What is your name? Where are you from? Are you married? How many children do you have? What is your profession?”,They were curious as to why I was there in their village but seemed unsure about the concept of “I’m just a tourist.”,“They offer genuine hospitality,” said Zia. “They want nothing from you. You have come to their village and they want you to feel welcome. So they offer a chair, water, then tea and something to eat. It hurts them if you don’t take it.”,A village elder ‒ with the henna-dyed orange hair so popular with men here ‒ even offered me his psychoactive chew: he shaved betel nut on a large green leaf, added a pinch of tobacco, smeared a finger of lime (hydrated calcium oxide), folded it up into a small square and presented it to me.,When I respectfully declined, he gleefully popped it in his mouth.,They then showed me their modest living and sleeping rooms, pointing out where the roof leaks, and we ended up sitting in a circle in the outdoor kitchen by the pond having milk tea and cookies.,“It means a lot to them if you stay and share tea with them,” noted Zia. ,Lowacharra National Park is a delightful slice of tropical semi-evergreen forest, rising in foothills above the tea plantations of Srimangal, filled with a surprising array of creatures.,We spotted everything from huge orb spiders to pigtailed macaques and barking deer to serpent-eating Crested Tapin Eagles and blue-winged Indian Rollers. ,But the most enticing natural treasure here is the endangered hoolock gibbon. When I told the park guide, Eusuf, that seeing the gibbons would be spectacular, it became his mission.,His ears perked as we hiked, listening for a call he knew well of hoolock gibbon families communicating with each other. ,Suddenly he froze, straining to hear, then we were running breakneck through the forest, tracking them, up hills, across streams, through dense foliage, stopping periodically to listen and gauge the direction.,Some 30 minutes later Eusuf collapsed, said he couldn’t go on, and besides we were losing them, the calls becoming fainter and more distant.,But in the end, it was rewardingly ironic. Driving out of the park on the exit road, Eusuf suddenly slammed on the brakes, and we were again running through the forest. ,Then there they were, above us, two families ‒ golden brown females and darker males and youngsters ‒ moving through the canopy with acrobatic grace, swinging agilely from branch to branch, an unforgettable moment of the trip. ,Eusuf was beaming with pride at having found gibbons for me. Deep in the forest, they evaded us, only to show themselves by the road at the park’s edge.,On a day of sailing the maze of rivers, creeks and canals dissecting Banaripara region in southern Bangladesh ‒ visiting floating markets of vegetables and rice and the country’s largest timber market at astonishing Nesarabad, where a sea of hard-wood logs is strewn along the muddy banks of the Sandhya River ‒ we stopped at the Hindu village of Kuriana.,A simple greeting of “no-mohsh-kar” was all it took:  ,The tea shop lady mixed us up one her popular concoctions with herbs and spices, chatting us up endlessly.,The schoolteacher exuberantly invited us to come meet his class. Several Hindu women brought out chairs, ran for their mobile phones and we all posed for photos – then they showed their humble homes and the flower seeds they were planting for a Hindu festival. ,A woman implored us to come to her house and sample her coconuts. ,On a three-day sailing on the M.V. Zerin ‒ with just me and 25 Bengalis aboard ‒ we penetrated deep into the Sundarbans. ,It was all smiles and making new friends as we plied the complex nexus of waterways penetrating the world’s largest mangrove forest that meets the planet’s most extensive tidal basin in the Bay of Bengal.  ,Exploring by small boat and on hikes in dry areas among the mucky mangrove swamps, we saw many spotted deer, but otherwise, it was all fleeting glimpses: a six-foot water monitor lizard suddenly sliding off a slippery bank into the water; the back of a dolphin emerging and then immediately disappearing; a Crested Serpent Eagle swooping away; a terrapin turtle pushing his face out of the water for a quick view before submerging; a spectacular Greater Racquet-Tailed Drongo winging by and gone in an instant.,The great-animal-sighting hope here – to see a Bengal Tiger ‒ didn’t happen.,Aboard the ship, Simon took me under his wing, becoming my translator, guide and best friend, pensive Sium continually posed philosophical ideas to discuss, while many others sidled up sooner or later to test their limited English and make friends.,But in the end, it was all about Photo Day!  Before docking on the last day, literally everyone ‒ individuals, couples and families ‒ asked to take a photo with me, the American on board, to remember the trip.,Bangladeshis love taking people’s photos. It’s almost a national pastime. My photo was taken many times all over the country. And not only do they not object to being photographed, but often eagerly welcome it.  ,Zia got impatient with me because I repeatedly questioned whether I should ask permission first. “Never ask,” he admonished me, “just take their photos.” ,Eventually, I got his message and clicked my shutter at will ‒ creating a visual memory of the animated experiences I had in ebullient Bangladesh, made special by the wholehearted welcome I received from the country’s people.,Ready to plan your unique travel experience in Bangaldesh? Start preparing with insider tips on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Have even more fun on your trip by booking some special Bangladesh activities, skip-the-line tickets and expert-led tours through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,For exclusive flight discounts, car rental options and vacation packages, check out CheapOair.,Pack the best travel clothes for all kinds of adventures and weather with outfits and gear from Sierra Trading Post. You can see their selection of layers, swimwear, hiking boots and more here.,Read our articles about other destinations:,Author Bio: Edward Placidi,Your captivating account of your journey through Bangladesh is truly inspiring. It’s heartwarming to read about the genuine hospitality, warmth, and curiosity of the Bangladeshi people that made you feel like a part of their community. Your adventures and encounters with the locals, along with the stunning natural beauty of the country, paint a vivid picture of the rich experiences that await travelers in Bangladesh. Thank you for sharing this remarkable story,Your post was heartwarming and inspiring! I appreciated how your post provided insights into the daily life and customs of the people of Bangladesh, from the tea culture to the traditional clothing to the family values. Your personal anecdotes and interactions with the locals added a personal touch to the post, making it a relatable and engaging read.,Thank you for sharing your transformative travel experience with us,Get lost in Rome as one author reflects on ancient life, historical structures and his education in this old Italian city.,Nothing is more pleasurable or enlightening in Rome than setting out without a destination in mind; let feet lead and instinct be the guide.,On this day, I am heading towards Piazza Navona because it “feels” right, but I am not stopping for the street entertainers; I go behind the piazza and find Via dei Coronari, a beautiful, mostly walking street lined with shops and cafes.,Making my way towards the Vatican, I stop to look in these overpriced stores filled with unique antiques, including paintings, busts of Roman emperors, and various well-crafted beautiful objects that serve no practical purpose.,The common denominator that I notice in all of these shops is that they all lack customers. “How do they pay their rent?” I wonder out loud. “How do they pay their mortgage, buy groceries, or make car payments?” I continue to say to nobody in particular.,It’s a good idea to learn some Italian before you go. With Babbel, you can learn the basics or continue on to have deeper conversations with people on your trip to Italy. Lessons are flexible to fit around your schedule. Check out the language options and deals here.,Year after year, decade after decade, I have seen these beautiful shops along this fascinating street, always without customers. Perhaps they come late at night, I wonder. My feet tell me to head back towards Piazza Farnese, so I cross the Corso and take a back street exiting in front of the French Embassy in the piazza; on the corner is a church, doors wide open, which I enter.,Two nuns are sitting in the back of the church with these weird straps over their veils that make it look like they are wearing a helmet. Later that night, I looked up what that odd headgear was all about and learned that it represents Christ’s crown of thorns.,They are called Bridgettine nuns and were founded in 1344; they run a little-known guesthouse on that spot.,Once I stopped staring at the nuns’ heads, I sat down to enjoy the peace. The church was immaculate, classic baroque, with a lightness about it that lifted my spirit. I said a prayer of gratitude, took one last glance at the helmeted nuns, then left.,My instinct took over and urged me on to the Jewish Quarter, a light-filled area with great food but with a sad history. The Jewish population was swept up in the Reformation and Counter-Reformation religious tides when Pope Paul IV moved Rome’s Jews into a flood-prone area of seven acres in 1555.,For three centuries, the Jewish inhabitants lived within these walls, having to obey a curfew and employment restrictions until the Ghetto’s walls were torn down in 1848. The Jewish residents were then granted full rights and citizenship during this period and enjoyed this boost in freedom until World War II.,When the Nazis occupied Rome, they demanded that the Jewish community pay 50 kilograms of gold as a ransom or face immediate deportation. Chief Rabbi Israel Zolli went to the Vatican for help and obtained a loan for the full amount, which would be paid back after the war.,But the loan was not needed since so many Jews and non-Jews stepped forward to donate their gold watches and jewelry to help with the ransom. But the gold payment only delayed the arrest and deportation of about 2,000 Jews, half of whom were sent to Auschwitz. Few survived; only 16 returned to Rome.,As I make my way through the Jewish Quarter, I stop to see the commemorative stone plaque to the victims of the Nazi extermination of October 16, 1943. I then turn down a side street where, among the cobblestones in front of the houses, are the names engraved in bronze of those who were forcibly removed and sent to concentration camps that day.,I pause and look down to read the bronze cobblestone at my feet: “Here lived Silvia Sermoneta, born 1897, arrested on October 10, 1943, deported, Auschwitz, assassinated July 15, 1944, on Via Salaria.”,I move on down the street to read: “Here lived Costanza Sonnino, born 1909, arrested on October 4, 1943, deported, Auschwitz, died in an unknown place at an unknown time.”,The festive restaurant and shop-filled streets are a dramatic contrast to the tragedy that unfolded in October of 1943, and as I wander through those side streets, I find myself caught up in the fear and tragedy of that day.,As I step out onto the main road in that neighborhood, the Via del Portico d’Ottavia, my feet direct me to a more lighthearted monument. Soon, I find myself in front of the Fountain of the Turtles, built during the sixteenth century.,It’s a beautiful little plaza where the fountain lies outside of a building with a bricked-up window. The water is gurgling, the sun is shining, and there are few tourists here. Like all historical places in Rome, this also has its story.,It is one of love and endurance, as Duke Muzio Mattei had the fountain built overnight, outside of the window where his beloved was staying, to win this woman’s heart and the approval of her father. Permission given, the marriage took place, and so that no one else would be able to view that fountain from that angle, the window was bricked up—the crazy things one does for love.,It’s time to leave this area, and I feel pulled towards the Forum, so I set out in that direction by foot, eventually arriving in Piazza Venezia, where the “wedding cake” building draws tourists for photos, but I am indifferent to it. I walk past, cross the street, and find myself in Trajan’s Market, the oldest shopping complex in ancient Rome, dating from 113 CE.,There were over 150 Italian shops and offices offering goods from all over the Empire, including fruits and vegetables, spices, and fast food.,This is a less-visited section of the Forum, and it is great to be away from the crowds. Still, the sun is beating down, and I am ready for another adventure, so I circle the back of Trajan’s Market and make my way to the Angelicum. At this university, I obtained my degrees in philosophy and theology.,It had been decades since I was here last, and I didn’t even know if I could gain access since I wasn’t a student. But I climb those same stairs that I went up and down when I was 19 and soon find myself in the courtyard, surrounded by classrooms, where I had spent the academic period of my youth.,There were few people around, so I explore and go back to where the bar was; it is still there but closed today. I walk past a man with a Roman collar who looks me up and down as if he wanted to eat me alive!,I continue walking through the corridors until I find myself in the garden area. Memories of taking a philosophy exam with an Italian professor flood my mind. We paced up and down the garden paths; he asked me open-ended questions about metaphysical subjects, and I answered as best I could at the time. It was a warm and sunny memory, though probably nerve-racking back then.,Returning to the courtyard once again, I try one of the classroom doors, which is unlocked! So I search for and find the classroom where I took my philosophy classes the first year I was in Rome; I open the door and sit down at the desk where I had sat so many years before.,Here I felt I was part of a great history; the Angelicum has its roots in 1580 as the College of St. Thomas and then becoming a full-fledged Pontifical University in 1906.,Since 1932 the campus had been located on this spot which was laid out more like a monastery, having served that purpose before the Angelicum moved in and through whose corridors illustrious alumni such as Pope John Paul II made their way to class.,I sit here, reflecting on my memories and the wave of history that reached until this present moment. I feel baffled by it all but also grateful.,Somehow my feet had led me full circle; I was back where I began my education in Rome, reflecting on how my life had unfolded in ways that I would have never believed had a Roman fortune-teller foresaw it all.,It was in this place that my love for this city had sprouted; from here I took secret excursions to explore the churches and monuments, from here I took the archeology classes that gave rise to my fascination with Rome underground; it was in this place that Rome began to seduce me, and to this place she brought me this day.,In an afternoon, I had left contemporary Rome, found myself among nuns from an order dating from the 1300s, was surrounded by the Holocaust, swept up by a fountain of love, walked back in time to a mall built in 113 CE and ended up at a university founded in the 1500s, where I began my higher education. Only Rome can offer so much.,Ready to explore the wonders of Rome? Start planning your trip with the ultimate flight deals and transportation packages from JustFly. Then get prepared for your trip with hotel or VRBO options, restaurant reviews and insider knowledge of the best gems in Rome to see with TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,To make the most of your trip, we suggest you book a couple of tours with GetYourGuide. Secure your dates now and cancel anytime up to 24-hours before the event for a free refund. Book your tours and adventures around Rome here.,Author Bio: Mark Tedesco is a writer and educator residing in California. Having lived in Italy for eight years, he enjoys weaving stories connecting the present to the past and exploring how deep human longings are expressed in relationships, events, culture, and history. Mark has written in the genres of travel, historical fiction, memoir, self-help, and children’s fiction.,Besides writing, Mark is an educator, and he loves to engage his students in his love of history, literature, and each person’s unique story. Mark likes to travel in his off time, but somehow, he always ends up returning to Rome where, he is convinced, other stories are waiting to be uncovered.,Where to Buy “She Seduced Me: A Love Affair with Rome“,The Berkshire area of Massachusetts is unmatched during cooler months. With striking foliage and holiday celebrations, it’s the ultimate getaway.,The Berkshire Mountain area of western Massachusetts is a prime getaway during the cooler months, starting with striking foliage and pumpkin festivals and continuing with sparkling Christmas lights and celebrations.,During the Gilded Age of the late 19th century, the area was known as a retreat for wealthy American tycoons and famous artists. ,Today, the quintessential small New England towns that comprise the Berkshires attract outdoor lovers and culture seekers, transforming into a winter wonderland when the snow begins.,While many of the Berkshires’ popular cultural institutions are closed due to Covid, there’s plenty to do to satisfy all ages. Be sure to pack your cold-weather gear and some sturdy walking shoes.,The Berkshires’ acclaimed farm-to-table cuisine takes on a different cast during the holiday period, with restaurants emphasizing root vegetables, hearty proteins and holiday treats.,CafeADAM, Stockbridge,Modeled after a Berkshire country home, the upscale-yet-rustic CafeADAM is a welcoming space with an ever-changing menu of farm-to-table choices. During the holidays, seasonal inspirations find their way into cocktails as well as mains and appetizers. Crowd favorites like seared Cape Cod scallops and Korean BBQ pork ribs pair well with Vermont cider and local beer on tap.   ,John Andrews Farmhouse Restaurant, South Egremont,In a setting marked by woods and landscaped gardens, John Andrews Farmhouse Restaurant is a Berkshires delight. The restaurant sits in a structure dating from the late 1700s on the original farmstead. An outdoor fire pit invites diners to enjoy a relaxing cocktail even in the coldest of temperatures.,The menu epitomizes the farm-to-table concept, with seasonal ingredients sourced from local farms and food artisans. Chef Dan Smith’s focus is one of taste-of-place dining, ensuring that you have a genuinely Berkshires experience with a menu built around regional producers of the moment.,Leave room for the sunshine kabocha squash pudding cake with ginger ice cream and maple butter, a worthy winter dessert created off the bounty of the season.,Old Inn on the Green, New Marlborough,Once a stagecoach relay station, the Old Inn on the Green hearkens back to New England’s past, using only candles and fireplaces to light its private dining rooms. Changing daily and determined by the day of the week, the Old Inn offers an a la carte or prix fixe menu along with a special Chef’s Tasting Menu. Reserve a table here for an evening of retro romance.,Café Boulud at Blantyre, Lenox,Michelin-starred Chef Daniel Boulud continues his successful residency at the luxurious Blantyre country manor. Using fresh and local ingredients, Boulud offers seasonal French classics with a New England twist.,The setting is Berkshires Gilded Age, with the Tudor-style Blantyre “cottage” decked out with proper holiday regalia and seasonal plantings, and the dining room as formal as you’ll ever find in the Berkshires.  Dress your best for one of the area’s finest dining experiences. On Thanksgiving, the restaurant’s three-course prix fixe dinner includes pumpkin soup with gruyère espuma and Berkshire turkey with shallot-rosemary gravy.,There’s no shortage of activities to fill your days and nights in the fall and winter.,Find a hotel suited completely to your needs while staying in the Berkshires here. If escaping to a home away from home is more your style check out these homes available to book for a short stay here.,Winterlights at Naumkeag,An annual sellout, Winterlights is an illuminated wonderland of thousands of lights at Stockbridge’s Naumkeag, a 44-room Gilded Age “cottage” with stepped gardens. Trees covered with shimmering holiday lights of many colors and overhead balloons and other lit designs wow visitors of all ages. Timed tickets are required for the outdoor experience and must be purchased in advance.,Berkshire Scenic Railway-Hoosac Valley Service,Children will love the train ride between Adams and North Adams in the Berkshire Hills of western Hoosac Valley. From restored 100-year old coaches, families will explore the region’s rich railroad history in the hour-long excursion. Trains depart from Adams on weekends and reservations are required. ,Hancock Shaker Village,Pittsfield’s living history museum is beautiful in the winter months. The twenty historic buildings and numerous walking trails offer a deep dive into the simplicity and quality of Shaker life from the 1780s to the mid-20th century. The collection introduces visitors to the farms, artisans and distinctive furniture and textiles of this religious sect. Seasonal events include:,Thanksgiving on the Farm – November 27 and 28,Enjoy a day of woodworking and blacksmithing demos, Shaker talks, a Turkey Walk & Talk (registration required), hikes and children’s activities like smashing pumpkins and feeding them to the farm’s hungry pigs. ,The Village’s Holiday Market on Saturdays from Thanksgiving through December 19 gives visitors a chance to buy goods including hand-knit mittens, distinctive jewelry, clothing, bath products and toys, all from regional artisans.,On Saturday, December 12, the annual Village Family Day invites visitors to decorate cookies and make ornaments. Artisan demos, a gingerbread contest, storytime with Santa (registration required), a visit with the animals in the barn, caroling and Shaker talks are scheduled throughout the day. ,The celebration continues on December 31 with the Hibernation Celebration and its artist demonstrations, workshops and talks; s’mores over the fire; and a kids’ countdown to the end of the year. A Tree of Hope encourages visitors to write a wish for 2021 and hang it on the tree. ,Berkshire Museum’s Festival of Trees 2020: Legends of the Berkshires,Monday, November 30, 2020 through Sunday, January 3, 2021,Also, in Pittsfield, this year’s version of the annual festival invites visitors and locals to explore tales from the Berkshires. Dive into the history of the first recorded baseball game, learn about the famous figures from the area and investigate rumors of mysterious sightings with a collection of bright and colorful winter displays spread across the city and surrounding communities. ,The Mount, Lenox,Sign up online for a self-guided holiday house tour of The Mount, the home of author Edith Wharton, adorned with festive decorations provided by the Lenox Garden Club. The “cottage,” designed Edith Wharton herself and built in 1902, reflects Wharton’s theories about classic European architecture, adapted for an American landscape. Advance reservations are required to visit the Main House. Plan to spend some time exploring the beautiful grounds of the estate.,Special Saturday events include winter storytime on November 30, paper ornament making on December 7, and a holiday concert on December 21.,NightWood,The Mount’s newest holiday program is offered on Thursdays – Sundays from November 19 – January 3.,An evening event, NightWood is a sound and light experience that transforms the property into a fantastical winter landscape for the holidays. Inspired by the natural beauty and architecture of The Mount, NightWood immerses visitors in a series of vignettes designed to evoke elements of fantasy, tradition and whimsy. Advance timed tickets are required.,Ventfort Hall and The Museum of the Gilded Age, Lenox  ,Arrange to tour another Gilded Age mansion, Ventfort Hall, an imposing Jacobean Revival-style mansion built in 1893 for Sarah Morgan, the sister of J. P. Morgan.  The Museum of the Gilded Age interprets the great changes in American life, industry and society during the nineteenth century. Reservations required for self-guided tours.,MASS MoCA, North Adams,Recently portrayed in the documentary Museum Town, MASS MoCA is a distinctive setting for evocative art. In a sprawling complex of former 19th-century mill buildings, the art center has vast galleries, performing arts venues and both permanent and purpose-built exhibits by innovative artists. An elaborate system of interlocking courtyards and passageways connect the 26 buildings. Saved from more than a decade of disuse in a Herculean effort to revive the town’s lagging economy, the complex was previously a textile factory and, most recently the home of the Sprague electric company.,Norman Rockwell Museum, Stockbridge,With its nostalgic depictions of life through illustration by Berkshires resident Norman Rockwell, the Norman Rockwell Museum offers an enjoyable visit for all ages. Adults will appreciate the social commentary as espoused in Rockwell’s art. The current Imagining Freedom exhibit is especially relevant today and explores the fundamental human freedoms of speech and worship and freedom from want and fear. The exhibition hosts Rockwell’s Four Freedoms, along with works from artists working for the cause of freedom. The most popular cultural attraction in the Berkshires, the museum requires advance purchase of timed tickets.,Clark Art Institute, Williamstown,One of the country’s most acclaimed small museums and a pioneer in children’s programming, The Clark Art Institute offers indoor art exhibits as well as outdoor installations. The museum is noted for its collections of Impressionist, American and other art. Book timed tickets online with admission free on the First Sunday of the month.,A unique musical event on December 5 and a Start with Art day for preschoolers with a take-home art-making kit on December 12 are scheduled for holiday vacation time. ,The museum takes advantage of its 140 acres, offering Project Snowshoe for outdoor art exploration and trail walks. Grab a pair of snowshoes from the snowshoe hut (multiple sizes available) and experience the outdoor exhibition Ground/Work. ,For more hiking and snowshoeing, the following resources can be guides to trails in the Berkshires:,Laurel Hill Association – Stockbridge,Pleasant Valley – Lenox,Download this app for complete information https://www.bnrc.org/bnrc-trails-app/ ,Be prepared for every trail with a pair of lightweight hiking boots and layers from Colombia here.,Wellness is a key watchword in the Berkshires, no matter what season. During the holiday months, you can retrench with fitness and spa activities both indoors and outdoors.,Canyon Ranch Lenox,Canyon Ranch offers life-enhancing “pathways,” curated wellness programs of varying lengths to help visitors rejuvenate and de-stress. During the winter, gingerbread houses decorate the Bellefontaine Mansion and special dance weekends add a fun way to keep you moving. For Chanukah, the Ranch will hold a nightly menorah lighting. If the weather cooperates, the Ranch’s beautiful grounds are the perfect place for cross-country skiing and snowshoeing. Indoor squash, tennis, racquetball and basketball courts complement the daily fitness classes and holistic spa treatments.,Miraval in the Berkshires, Lenox,Newly opened in the Berkshires, Miraval is known for its fitness and wellness focus. Activities including aerial yoga, horse whispering, hiking, biking, stargazing and snowshoeing make for a diverse and indulgent experience at the expansive property. Spa programming is an integral part of the Miraval journey, combined with a culinary emphasis on balance. For an evening to remember, Miraval invites guests to book a private dining session in the Life in Balance Culinary Kitchen.,Red Lion Inn, Stockbridge,When the cold weather hits, the historic Red Lion Inn looks like it stepped out of Norman Rockwell’s painting of Main Street in Stockbridge, Home for Christmas. One of only a few American inns operating continuously since before 1800, The Red Lion appeals to Americana buffs with its decorated Rockwell-esque front porch and holiday carolers regaling guests on the steps. Indoors, live Christmas trees, Christmas kissing balls, poinsettias, yards of garland and handmade wreaths on every guestroom door create the holiday mood. For much of December, pianists and harpists play holiday favorites in the lobby. ,Wheatleigh, Lenox,On 22 acres overlooking the Berkshire Mountains and lake, five-star Wheatleigh is a Berkshires treasure. Built in 1893, the 19-room Italianate mansion offers privacy and seclusion. Wheatleigh caters to a refined clientele with a museum-like setting with antiques, architect-designed furnishings and original contemporary art. Dining during the holiday period is limited to overnight guests, and a full “palazzo” buyout can be had for up to 25 people. ,Blantyre, Lenox,The Gilded Age is alive and well at Blantyre in Lenox. A Tudor-style mansion and estate built in 1902, Blantyre is a member of the elite Relais & Châteaux consortium. In an oft-photographed setting, the luxury resort features a range of elegant guest accommodations, a spa and Daniel Boulud’s legendary French cuisine. A must-see, the baronial Main Hall is a showcase of period pieces, heirlooms and art. Guests are welcome to explore Blantyre’s 100 acres of lawns and woodlands or snowshoe the resort’s trails that hug the perimeter. Other seasonal activities can be arranged by the concierge, with an on-property Christmas tree lighting one of the most popular events.,Devonfield Inn, Lee,An English-Style country house originally built in the early 1800s, Devonfield Inn overlooks a meadow shaded by birch trees against a backdrop of rolling hills. Indoor and outdoor holiday decorations set the tone for the festive period at the B&B. Popular activities are cross-country skiing on Devonfield’s extensive grounds and a program for winter horse riding with HorseWorks Farm. Thanksgiving dinner is offered for guests. Charm and coziness radiate throughout, with the inn’s owners adding thoughtful touches like a stocked guest pantry and complimentary cognac and cordials.,A visitor to La Paz’s maze of vertical streets takes in the ambiance of the setting and the pride felt by locals.,As the plane descended toward La Paz–El Alto International Airport, I knew what it was that Neil Armstrong felt as he lowered Apollo 11 onto the Moon. Hidden among the seemingly never-ending peaks and valleys of the South American Andean ridge, La Paz is among the most unlikely capital cities. It sits in a giant, bowl-like valley where sharp ridges and conical summits meet the altiplano — a vast expanse of mountain plateau desert.,Landing an aircraft in El Alto, which spills dramatically from a shelf down into a valley where La Paz is situated, is no easy task. The city lies at an altitude of 13,615 feet (4,150 m). I had the fortune of sitting next to a Bolivian flight engineer named Jorge, who reassured me that it was perfectly normal for the wings of the plane to be vertical to the ground as it u-turned, circling slowly over the city, descending enough to be able to hit the runway head on (so to speak).,“Being the world’s second-highest international airport, and with such a complicated landing, pilots need special training to land in La Paz,” Jorge informed me moments before touch down. “NASA even does testing up here.”,Still feeling somewhat tense from my emergency landing on a different flight the day before, I wasn’t sure if this was a good or bad thing to know. As I dared myself to look out of the window, however, my fear took a backseat to complete wonderment.,To look down on this harsh, rugged beauty, so unfathomably vast and inhospitable, conjured images of far-away worlds. The view was simply breathtaking, a state I was to become accustomed to in Bolivia.,A favorite conversation topic among South American travelers is the degree to which altitude sickness renders them useless for their first few days in Bolivia. While I must admit I thought it all to be a bit of traveler’s hype, upon stepping off the plane I was instantly and disconcertingly proven wrong.,With the feeling of walking across the deck of a ship in a force 5 gale, my traveling companion and I managed to get our throbbing heads and nauseated stomachs into a hostel in the center of La Paz. Twenty-four hours later, breathless and weak, we emerged to discover that we had in fact not landed on the Moon, but had instead found ourselves deposited in a bygone age.,There seems to be almost too much going on all at the same moment in La Paz to be able to take any of it in. The deafening noise of the smoldering traffic and seemingly aimless shouting coming from every possible angle seem to echo off the walls of the bowl in which La Paz is shoe-horned.,Women waddle down the street staggering under the weight of their multilayered traditional dress, bowler hats balanced precariously atop their heads, baskets containing their livelihood in each hand and a small child slung over their backs.,The lights of El Alto, the cities’ poorest favela-style (shantytown) district, twinkle as the buildings defy gravity, clinging to the sides of a vertical cliff, their smog-blackened facades closing in on the narrow, vertical lanes that radiate outward and upward from the central main street. Makeshift markets, stalls selling everything and nothing, litter the streets. Balaclava-masked shoe shiners, implying a more sinister profession, grossly outnumbered shineable shoes.,After acclimatizing not only to the thin air, but to the energetic bustle of the city center, it was time to find out what hidden secrets this hectic, desperately developing city had to offer.,Just out of sight of the main street, so alive with everyday activity, throngs of people and chaotic traffic, the Witches’ Market is as unusual a sight as they come. True to its name, the Witches’ Market is a collection of stalls squeezed into tiny, cobbled, colonial-style lanes laden with treasures to fill any cauldron.,Coming across my first dried llama fetus for sale, I must admit I was slightly taken aback. Seeing my look of confusion and morbid fascination, a small, elderly face wrapped in layers of colorful material smiled understandingly.,“It is for luck,” the lady told me from her seat on the pavement behind her stall, “to be buried under the doorstep of a new house.” Dried frogs, Bolivian armadillos and naked coupling figurines, each with its own powers, hang from shop doorways and stalls, creating an eerily mystical ambiance, like something from a Harry Potter novel.,Like following a clueless treasure hunt, weaving in and out of the labyrinthine lanes and courtyards, I stumbled across innumerable craft shops selling alpaca fleece garments, needed (and recommended) for an Andean winter. Tiny restaurants nestled into corners of once–colonial mansions served warm soups or llama steaks, a shop drowned under the volume of its handmade musical instruments, most destined never to be sold.,While Sucre, farther south, is Bolivia’s official capital city, La Paz has been the actual center of government since 1898. In La Paz’s Plaza Murillo, in the heart of the city center, the Government Palace and a vast cathedral tower over the bustling, poverty-stricken, colorful crowds below, acting as a constant antagonist in Bolivian life.,La Paz translates as “The Peace,” a bitter irony in a country plagued throughout history by conquest, liberation, poverty and government disputes. Any local, given half the chance, will enthusiastically regale visitors with stories of corrupt governments, poverty, scandal and hardship.,“Bolivia is, minerally, one of the richest countries in the world,” I was told by a group of elderly Bolivian men in a local café, “but where is this money? The government has it, that’s where,” their attention only distracted from their foreign audience by the television set behind them showing a live Bolivia-Peru football game.,But this country has refused to suffer in silence, protests and road blockades having become part of everyday life. Walking through the center, I looked on in fascination as thousands of demonstrators marched by in a Mardi Gras–style protest, drums banging and people chanting anti-government slogans.,While this, and many other, protests are a peaceful show of democracy and a vent for built-up anger and feelings of abandonment, many others are not so. Stories of buses being attacked, their windows smashed and occupants injured, trains screeching to a halt as crowds gathered on the line and the transportation network of entire cities ground to a halt, are daily news.,Piecing together the puzzle that is La Paz’s character produces a complex picture. In a country so stricken by poverty and hardship, it would be easy to think that people have lost hope, but this is not the case in La Paz. Smiles come from the most unlikely candidates: the old man who sits among the pigeons, begging; the woman sitting on the corner pavement selling finger puppets; or a young teen with nothing else to do. But despite La Paz’s obvious street poverty, it is a city fighting desperately to keep up with the rest of its continent.,Modern buildings rear their heads between the colonial architecture, a constant reminder of the city’s Spanish roots. Fledgling international businesses give hope of prosperity. Passionate and energetic, La Paz’s residents have a lot to say for themselves, and say it loudly. Whatever their future holds, it can be said for sure that the people who give La Paz its character will take it with pride and dignity, and certainly won’t go down without a fight.,If You Go,Bolivia Tourism,www.boliviaweb.com, ,Great blog Samantha! Thank you for sharing it with me a little while back on twitter (@Proj_Abroad_UK). I love where you say “Passionate and energetic, La Paz’s residents have a lot to say for themselves, and say it loudly.” That certainly rings true. It’s a destination I would love to return to! 🙂,This small country measures success by how happy its people are.,It was a rickety little plane that took us into Bhutan, but it might as well have been one of the nation’s eponymous thunder dragons. I’ll never forget the way the countryside looked from above: the colorful, tiered houses rising like paper lanterns out of the mist and the stately blue pines crowning each mountain ridge. One of my fellow American students turned to the pleasant-looking middle-aged woman sitting next to her and said in disbelief, “You live here?” The woman smiled — a shy but deeply warm smile that I would come to recognize as distinctly Bhutanese — and nodded, amused by our enchantment.,I hadn’t heard much about Bhutan before I decided to study abroad. As it turned out, neither had most people: only once or twice did I tell someone where I was headed and hear anything other than “Bhutan? Where’s that?” Bhutan is a small country, about the size of Ohio, situated between China and India. Known for its concept of “Gross National Happiness,” it’s also the only country to declare itself 100% organic, and — interestingly enough — the only country in the world without a single traffic light, even in its capital. (In case you were wondering, traffic in Paro is directed by an enthusiastic and extremely well-dressed traffic cop.),For the first week of our stay, we traveled the country in a giant bus that careened around the heart-stopping curves of Bhutan’s narrow and mountainous highways with alarming speed, honking when it passed another vehicle or a group of grinning children playing in the potholes. We visited museums and temples, holy sites and wildlife preserves. We met Bhutan’s national animal, the takin, an unassuming mammal that appears to have resulted from the union of a moose and Schnauzer.,We went to stupas where little old women sat turning prayer wheels and chanting, unmoved for hours. We visited a dress shop, where each of us was outfitted with traditional Bhutanese garb: for the women it was kiras, a kind of embroidered jacket paired with an impossibly tight wrap skirt. (I never did quite learn the trick of tying these – which didn’t prove to be a problem, as there were always chuckling Bhutanese women around to drag you into a corner, half-undress you, and re-tie your skirt correctly.),The majority of our program was spent at the Ugyen Wangchuck Institute for Conservation and Environment, which was once the first king’s summer palace. Bhutan is a constitutional monarchy, a recent development after centuries of absolute monarchy.,The story of how this came about is almost unbelievable: the king declared that the people should have more power in the ruling of their nation, and called for an end to the absolute monarchy; the people of Bhutan, however, were dismayed by this change, being fervently loyal to the royal institution. Because of this admiration, the royal family continues to exist essentially as a figurehead even as the government moves toward a more democratic approach. It’s hard to overestimate the passion with which the Bhutanese people love their king; it makes the U.K.’s fascination with William and Kate look half-hearted at best.,One of our most fascinating field trips was to the temple of Drukpa Kunley, the “fertility saint” honored throughout the country with likenesses of his holy symbol: a phallus. Walk through any shy, conservative Bhutanese village and you’ll see this symbol painted on numerous homes and storefronts, often adorned with facial features or wings. Bhutan, like so many places, is a country of contradictions.,Countless moments during my stay in Bhutan caused me to stop in my tracks and marvel at the beauty of the land and its people, whether it was the sight of frayed prayer flags fluttering like ghosts through the trees or the plump, beaming smile of a Bhutanese toddler wobbling in a napkin-sized kira. Like the rest of the world, Bhutan is hurtling toward an unknown future – but for its people and for me, I hope that Bhutan’s commitment to the preservation of its culture and its resources persists.,Tiger’s Nest Temple,Don’t miss the Tiger’s Nest Temple. This breathtaking site nestled on the mountainside in an ethereal forest. Legend has it that the holy man Guru Rinpoche once flew there on the back of a tigress. Unless you have similar powers, it’s a healthy hike – but well worth the effort.,The temple of the “Divine Madman” Drukpa Kunley, this is a quirky and fascinating celebration of both fertility and enlightenment. While the ubiquitous phallus symbols are not for the prudish, you won’t see anything more graphic than you would in an anatomy textbook.
https://www.lonelyplanet.com/bhutan/chimi-lhakhang,Kingdom of Bhutan
https://www.kingdomofbhutan.com/,Tourism Council of Bhutan
https://www.tourism.gov.bt/,Druk Air (Bhutan’s airline)
https://www.drukair.com.bt/,Learning the traditional Cambodian art of stone carving brings new insight to a traveler in Siem Reap.,Clink, clink, clink. Every strike of the hammer sends my chisel plunging into rough sandstone, dislodging tiny chunks which scatter haphazardly across the table. A tingly ache has begun to creep up behind my hunched-over back while dripping beads of my forehead perspiration dissolve into damp speckles on the red, earthy surface of the stone block.,It is Sunday afternoon, and I am learning the traditional Cambodian art of stone carving in the modest workshop of 31-year-old Poy Khet, a professional craftsman. An hour into incessantly chipping away at a square slab, an exquisite Romdoul flower — the national flower of Cambodia — is slowly but surely beginning to take shape.,“One by one, not too strong,” says Khet as he watches me struggle to control the strength exerted from my hammer. Carving the delicate contours of the flower’s petals prove to be the most difficult task for the day, and he soon takes over from my clumsy strikes and awkward balancing. Like knife slicing through a milky butter slab, the instrument weaves seamlessly in and out of the narrowest corners of the stone under Khet’s skilful hands.,Minuscule stone flakes drift off freely into the wind, like a cloud of colliding particles caught in a dust storm. It is a hypnotizing spectacle of magic; within seconds the intricately curved outline of the flower’s teardrop-shaped petals emerge into view.,In Cambodia, Khmer stone sculptures are ubiquitous- along the unpaved roads, in obscure corners of grubby places, nestled within lush greenery of forest wilderness or hawked as valuable wares in thriving marketplaces. A stone deity stands right smack in the middle of a bustling traffic junction in Phnom Penh. With eyes shut and hands in a meditative position, she cuts an imperturbable figure of serenity as vehicles around her whir by.,Over in Siem Reap, two white, glorious lion stone sculptures with manes are perched proud along a sparse and dusty sidewalk. They stare forbiddingly into the distance, the striking richness of their detail incongruous with their comparatively underdeveloped environment. Peppered all over the land, these distinctive stone sculptures are the humans of Cambodia – upright, impregnable and unscathed by the constant flux of the city. ,But it is in the splendorous Angkor Wat, the first stop of my temple tour, where the most magnificent stone carvings can be found. The art of stone carving has been around for time immemorial, having flourished since the foundation of the Khmer nation. Entirely constructed from sandstone, Angkor Wat’s grandiose Khmer architecture is a sight to behold even from a great distance. It is nearly impossible to miss the pointed peaks of the temple’s iconic lotus bud towers thrusting into the sky, bearing down upon the milling tourist masses like a watchful tyrant overlooking his kingdom.,Almost every part of Angkor Wat is emblazoned with intricate carvings steeped in Hindu and Buddhist mythology, from its meandering walkways to its tall doors, thick pillars and even ceilings. From murals depicting elaborate goddesses and monkey gods and demons waged in war, all riddled in the most convoluted detail, to towering sculptures like the symbolic Buddha naga (an enlightened Buddha is seated on the coils of a giant cobra), each and every stone carving has a fascinating story to tell.,Engraved into every nook and cranny of the temple’s rugged walls are bevies of bare-breasted dancing nymphs, heads enshrined with sophisticated headgear and bodies clad with only a limp sarong.,“These are Apsaras,” my guide Thoeun Bunthy tells me. In Hindu legend, Apsaras would gainly dance to music created by their husbands the Ghandarvas, who served as court musicians in the palace of gods. Over 1,800 stone carvings of these celestial and divine female beings line the exterior and interior of Angkor Wat, their arms contorted in an array of lithe positions that seem poised to break out into graceful dance.,Along a dark and secluded corridor in a tower, a row of headless grey statues settle lonesome on thick pedestals. With the jarring absence of their heads, they cast shadows against the walls forlornly as warm sunlight streaming in through the windows illuminates their nondescript pockmarked bodies.,To the average tourist on first sight, these elusive statues bear little semblance of any individuality or identity, but I soon learn from Bunthy that they are Buddha sculptures which were beheaded during the Khmer Rouge.,In 1979, the Khmer Rouge under leader Pol Pot tried to completely obliterate Buddhism, killing monks, religious intellectuals and destroying Buddhist institutions. Any representations of the Buddha were desecrated; soldiers ravaged the vicinities of temples and cut off the heads of Buddha sculptures to sell them for money in the black market.,“Too expensive to restore. They want to keep history,” says Bunthy, pointing to a jagged indent left in the wake of a dismembered stone neck.,Back in the stone carving workshop, for a moment my mind wanders off. And that is when it happens: I accidentally chip away a corner of stone with the chisel, leaving a petal with an unsightly dint in the corner. My heart sinks and I cry out in dismay at the seemingly costly mistake. But Khet comforts me as he takes the chisel from my hands.,He manoeuvres the instrument with deft precision and ease, intensely scraping around the sides to even out the rough chip. Reminiscent of a skilled surgeon in an operating theater, his level of focus is astounding, never once stopping to look up until the edge of the dint has been completely smoothed. “When I work, I don’t see anyone who walks by. I see stone only,” says Khet, who has been carving stone for 17 years.,After Angkor Wat, I visit Bayon Temple in the late evening, renowned for its 216 charmingly smiling stone faces of the Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara carved into every side of its 54 towers. Each massive face projects a serene display of absolute composure, as though nothing could possibly disrupt their sublimely tranquil state of being. “The gods smile for the people, so the people can live in peace and happiness,” explains Bunthy, pointing toward the sky.,As I stare up at their comfortingly upward curved lips and closed, thick eyelids, for a moment I understand what he means. Wherever I roam in the temple, it feels like the eyes of every stone face, each facing a different direction of north, south, east and west, are trailing me. Ever omnipresent, these larger-than-life gentle giants live quietly among the citizens of Cambodia, hiding in plain sight, but watching over them from afar. They are the secret guardians of the city; waiting, protecting.,I finally lay down my chisel after close to three hours of carving. A beautifully shaped Romdoul flower stone candle holder, with a small circular yellow lily candle placed in its hole, lies before me. “You okay?” Khet asks quizzingly, looking at my flushed face. “Hard work right?”,Indeed. Fragments of stone and dust envelope the surface of the work table, like a mini excavation site. “But you do good, you faster than other tourists,” he adds. I ask him how long it takes for him to carve the same flower from sandstone. “Too fast,” he laughs sheepishly. “An hour and a half.”,For something which took a copious amount of effort and time, it is barely the size of my palm, measuring merely nine by nine centimeters. Yet what follows is an overwhelmingly indescribable feeling- almost surreal- as my fingers slowly close upon the now washed and polished stone flower, tracing every painstakingly carved defined contour, curve and swirl. It hits me then: I made this.,I leave the workshop carrying my precious homemade memento close to me, grateful that I have a piece of Cambodia to take home. ,If You Go:
Backstreet Academy is a social enterprise which offers unique and authentic activities for tourists hosted by locals. To attend the stone-carving workshop in Siem Reap, Cambodia, book a session through www.backstreetacademy.com.,Author Bio: Paige Lim is a journalism student from Singapore. She is an aspiring travel writer who has a thirst for adventure., ,Your description evokes a feeling of peace and contentment.,Greek artist Yannis Chapsis is determined to preserve his native Karpathos one painting at a time.,Tourists visiting the island studio of Yannis Chapsis, 88, sometimes are surprised by the oft-used, hand-scrawled price tags tacked above his paintings. Even some locals feel it’s time to modernize his studio, up his prices and get computerized labels.,But they’re missing the point. Chapsis strives to preserve his Greek island’s traditions and to present “the good old days” in his collection. Studying his works makes you realize he is an autodidact, not because of his naive style, but because of the rough edges. Chapsis’ work is done with oil or watercolor. He paints on a variety of materials — ceramic tile, glass and wood — yet all his works depict the customs and traditions of his native island in the Aegean Sea.,Serious painting came late to Chapsis. He began to focus on his love of painting only after his doctor advised him on his 64th birthday that he should quit working so hard and enjoy the few years his weak heart would allow. Those “few years” have turned into decades.,In his youth, Chapsis learned the trade of shoemaker in the rugged northern part of the island. After the big earthquake of 1926, Chapsis’ family relocated south to the village of Othos, and he became the village barber. In his spare time, Chapsis played the Karpathian lyre, a three-stringed instrument similar to a violin, which tradition requires be built by the musician. He became an expert musician, and is the teacher of most of the island’s younger lyre players. Music is a theme often depicted in many of his paintings.,Chapsis does not view his art as a means to becoming wealthy. For commissions, he charges the going wages of a manual laborer on the island — currently about Euro 40 per day or Euro 5 an hour (US$ 52 per day or US$ 13 an hour). This same attitude is reflected in the prices he charges in his studio; works start at Euro 10.,Tourists flock to the 302-square-kilometer (188-square-mile) island in July and August, when there is an average of 12.5 hours of sunshine each day. Most visitors are adventurers, interested in hiking, cycling, swimming or windsurfing in the islands. The majority fly in from Austria, Germany, Holland, Italy, Poland, Slovenia and the Scandinavian countries, although there are also visitors from Canada and the United States.,Visitors find Chapsis via word of mouth or from write ups in various guidebooks. He does not bother to advertise his art.,In October, charter flights to Karpathos end, marking the unofficial closure of tourist season. Shops lock their doors and restaurants close their shutters. Many hotels won’t get any business again until Easter. It’s not that the 6,000 inhabitants wouldn’t welcome more outsiders to the island. After all, the Greek word xenos means both “foreigner” and “guest.” It’s just that tourists to Greece seem to prefer to follow the crowds to larger, more established islands to play in the sun. Crete, Rhodes and Corfu offer year-round excitement. Karpathos, located some 250 sea miles from Athens, is barely on most maps.,Chapsis’ dedication to preserving the island’s customs isn’t limited to his artwork. It extends to his volunteer work at the local folklore museum, which would not exist without him. When charter flights stop and the island of Karpathos goes into its long winter sleep, the octogenarian locks up the museum and uses the off-season months to fill up his studio walls anew.,Never forgetting his cardiologist’s advice, Chapsis allows himself plenty of leisure time to spend with his buddies at the local coffeehouse down the road from his studio. Weather permitting, he wanders around in search of any changes on the little island he is so keen on preserving.,If You Go,Island of Karpathos,www.karpathos.org,Greece Tourism Board,www.greek-tourism.gr,This is what the tourist and holiday people want to see! Real culture and art! Sometimes we think modernization is always important but for tourism it is preserving the heritage!,Rose,Easter is celebrated for an entire week in Spain, and it’s filled with pagentry, ritual and meaning.,Easter can be a wonderfully evocative time, full of ritual and pageantry, incense and solemnity – and nowhere more so than in Andalucía in southern Spain.,In Spain, Easter is celebrated for the entire week before Easter Sunday – “Semana Santa,” or “Holy Week,” sees parades celebrating the country’s Roman Catholic heritage.,In a tradition dating back to the 1500s, ornate statues depicting the Crucifixion are carried through the winding narrow streets of cities, towns and villages throughout Andalucía, the only region in Spain where it is honored with this kind of colorful pageantry.,In Seville, Malaga, Granada, Antequera, thousands of locals and tourists travel for Semana Santa. They fill every available spot on the pavement, in doorways, hanging out of windows – united from early afternoon. Hundreds of men carry scenes depicting the Passion of Christ from one church to another in a hypnotic swaying march that can last for anything up to eight hours.,Last year, my family and I witnessed this amazing event on Good Friday in Archidona, about 30 miles (50 km) north of Malaga, a typical Spanish town of hilly winding roads.,The procession is led off by a brass band, of all things, which plays a mournful marching tune, over and over, perfectly in keeping with the swaying rhythm of fit men called ‘costeleros.’ The costeleros carry the floats and the penitents while others of the ‘brotherhood’ march alongside.,The statues linger in the memory, as well as the hypnotic quality to the march and the surreal “carnival” atmosphere. Here, bars are open on the day of the procession and people drink lots of beer.,At home in Ireland, where I live, Good Friday and Christmas Day are the only days that pubs shut their doors!,In Archidona there were three life-size statues: Jesus carrying a silver Cross on a bed of red carnations; Jesus on the Cross with the Virgin Mary and two others at its foot; and the Virgin Mary on her own. Spain has an enormous devotion to the Virgin Mary.,The statues are huge, tall and wide and carried on an ornate wooden dais, adorned with lanterns and gold leaf flakes. The whole thing weighs more than 5,000 pounds (2000 kg).,All these statues, candles and flowers are not for the fainthearted – the statues are so heavy and the days so warm that ‘costeleros’ can carry the float for only two minutes, which translates into about 20 meters (65 ft.).,So, they sway for 20 meters, stop for a two-minute break while remaining in place (or occasionally nipping off to the loo in a nearby hostelry serving alcohol). Then, a man at the front of each float rings two bells to call the men back – one bell to lift the float and another to move again in unison.,But the spectacle doesn’t end there – men between 15 to 45 years old walk alongside the floats wearing white robes with purple hoods, while the floats are carried by purple velvet-robed men, a tradition passed down through the generations.,The penitents, women dressed all in black, walk between the floats, carrying a long, lighted candle in one hand and rosary beads in the other.,In Archidona, for instance, the Virgin Mary’s float was carried by 17 men on either side, six at the back, or four rows of five men underneath in the front and back – a staggering total of 80 men. Sixty more carried the second float of Jesus on the Cross.,The Virgin Mary’s float is adorned with 32 candles in front, 16 on either side; with 22 in silver candelabra at the back, 11 on either side and suffused in fresh lilies.,You can see: I paid attention!,Their long, black mantillas (light, transparent scarves) were a nod back to an earlier era when women could not go to Church with bare heads – a tradition that only died out in Ireland about 20 years ago.,Even now, women meeting the Pope must cover their heads with a mantilla as a sign of respect. No such rule applies to men, however!,This amazing blend of art, pageantry and religious observation dates back to the mid-1200s when King Fernando III freed Seville from the Moors. During the liberation, brotherhoods of men were formed to rescue wounded comrades.,The brotherhoods remained in place for generations, later ritualizing the scenes from the Easter Passion, from Christ’s Last Supper to his resurrection on Easter Sunday.,It was an amazing scene – the ornate detailed life-sized statues, the golden detail and carving on the timber float, the sheer physical effort of lifting and carrying them, the purple velvet robes, the swaying march, the hypnotic music, the evenly spaced ringing of the bell, the older Spaniards sitting at their front doors with rosary beads, the red carnations held by some spectators and the respectful hush despite the open-air festival feeling.,Background Info,About 7.25 million people live in the Southern Spain region of Andalucía, which is 87,000 sq km (33,900 sq mi). In the year 711, Southern Spain was invaded by the Moors.,These Islamic warriors from Arabia and North Africa made the area their home for eight centuries, leaving strong cultural marks that are still visible today in monuments like the Mosque of Cordoba and the Alhambra Palace in Granada – even after the Christians conquered Andalucía again.,By the end of the 15th century, the last Moorish strongholds were taken back. But Islamic roots still run deep in this region, blending with Spanish heritage.,If you get a chance, try to visit the 18th century Church of Nazarene in Archidona, the 16th century Church of Santa Ana in Archidona and the Hermitage of the Virgen de Gracia in Archidona, which was originally a Moorish mosque.,The pink Flamingos at Fuente de Piedra Laguna, Andalucía’s largest lake and the most important breeding ground for the Greater Flamingo on the Iberian Peninsula, are definitely worth seeing.,You might want to catch a bullfight in the 18th-century bullring in Andalucía’s capital, Seville or try out flamenco dancing. Do not miss the “dolmens” in the medieval town of Antequera; these megalithic mass tombs, made by Iberian people, are huge slabs of rock that date back 5,000 years.,Spain’s Tourism Ministry
Region of Andalucía,Explore the beautiful city of Hoi An. Once renown as a Vietnamese trading port, it now celebrates its history and culture with plenty to see and do.,Known as a “beautiful ancient town,” Vietnam’s one-time trading port of Hoi An is a UNESCO world heritage site on the country’s central coast. I spent a day in the city and fell in love with its relaxed, cozy atmosphere, happily embracing the pace at which life goes on here.,It was hard at the beginning, though, for a person like me who has been in the rat race for quite some time.,Hoi An is always vibrant with tourists, pre-wedding photoshoots and infinite tailor shops. Despite being touristy, the city has been successful in maintaining its allure.,Although Hoi An is worth exploring for three to four days, I had to figure out the best way to explore it in a day. So, I rented a bike to do that.,Old Town is what attracts tourists the most. Its vibe and appeal are impressive. The moment I entered Old Town I felt as if I have entered a different world altogether (even though I see the same sunset in India).,Check this article to explore the village: VILLAGE LIFE: VIETNAM’S HILL TRIBES,The old school charm and the unique architecture (mix of Chinese, Japanese and French style) were a combination I was longing to see. I bought the entrance tickets to the town and was exhilarated to see what was in store. The ticket gave me access to any five of 19 attractions. So, I had to choose wisely.,Here is what I saw:,I started with the Japanese bridge, a site synonymous with Hoi An. The bridge, which was built in the 18th century, was a way to reach the Chinese quarter across the water. The bridge seemed a little ruined to me, but as they say, ruins have the most interesting stories behind them.,There are statues of a dog and monkey on both ends of the bridge, which are believed to guard the bridge. There is also a small temple on the bridge dedicated to Tran Vo Bac De (god of weather), where people pray to ward off any approaching disaster. On some parts of the bridge, it feels that it will collapse but the historical landmark stands intact.,It looked like just another courtyard to me. But, taking a cue from what I mentioned before about ruins having interesting stories behind them, this assembly hall has one, too.,The hall was built in 1851 by the overseas citizens of Hainan country. It primarily served the community and religious activities of the Hainan people. There is a separate section dedicated to 108 Chinese merchants who were killed because they were mistaken for pirates.,As I moved around, I came across a very interesting thing –  spiral incense sticks (known as “Incense Spirals”). I asked the caretaker of the hall if there is any special reason behind them. I learned that these sticks burn much longer while taking up little space, making it ideal for temples.,This was where I had the most meaningful exchange with a local. The house is 170 years old (the property is 400 years old, though) and has been inhabited by the same family. It currently belongs to Mr. Tram. Old and antique pieces of furniture, crockery and paintings are exhibited inside.,It was all set up in quite an interesting way to give a glimpse of how old houses were in Hoi An centuries ago. I then walked toward the section that sells clothes and souvenirs. My eyes moved toward the coins that had pictures (rather, signs) of horse, ox, goat, etc. inscribed.,As I was trying to figure out the significance of these coins, I heard a soft female voice from behind: “May I help you?” I turned and saw a middle-aged Vietnamese woman. I was happy to find a Vietnamese speaking in English, and immediately said: “Could you please explain to me about these coins?”,She asked me to first find my animal sign based on the Chinese birth chart, and then I could buy my coin as a souvenir. But I was more interested in talking to the woman, as it is rare to find a Vietnamese speak in English (apart from the people in the hospitality industry).,“I am Mrs. Tram,” she said. She seemed to have sensed my desperation to know more. “You mean the owner of this house?” I could not contain my excitement any longer. I wanted to know so much about their life in that house and Hoi An.,I learned from Mrs. Tram that they are the sixth generation of the family living in the same house. Though their children are now settled in Danang (a city near Hoi An), they choose to stay there with their friends and family around. It was so insightful chatting with her.,By the time I left the house, it was already late evening and I could see the streets of the old town lit with colorful lanterns.,As the sun set, Old Town was beautifully lit up with silk lanterns. It looked magical and dreamy. I couldn’t wait to take a stroll around the glowing night market. I started right from the street where I was standing.,I first stopped by a café where great live music was playing. I decided to satiate my hunger at the café itself. I ordered coconut coffee and a pancake. Weirdly, I felt nostalgic, I don’t know about what though.,I stepped out of the café and walked toward the riverside. I browsed through a few souvenir stalls on the way and reached the end of that street. And what I saw was astonishing. A few young boys were dancing to hip hop music (to collect money for their dance troupe).,I had goose bumps watching the dance moves. After a while, some locals also joined them and danced their hearts out.,Are you planning a trip to Vietnam? Then you must read this article: NEXT STOP IS VIETNAM,It was now time to experience the night cruise. I negotiated the charge for a one-hour cruise and got into the small, narrow boat. As we sailed farther, I could feel the sound from the bustling Old Town streets fading away.,After a while, I found myself in the middle of the Thu Bin River. Despite noisy streets running along the river, I had a feeling of peace and love. It was marvelous to look at the lights (lanterns) around me from the water.,It was a perfect end to the hectic day of travel.,https://www.lonelyplanet.com/vietnam/central-vietnam/hoi-an/attractions/hoi-an-old-town/a/poi-sig/1158047/357874,https://sailingstonetravel.com/hoi-an-ancient-town-attractions-the-ultimate-guide/,https://www.theblondtravels.com/one-day-in-hoi-an-ancient-town/,Author’s Bio: Anukrati Dosi is a travel blogger and the author of the blog www.bulbulonthewing.com. A total hodophile, she spends her free time seeing as much of the world as she can. An avid reader and researcher, she also designs travel itineraries professionally.,Explore a city that celebrates art through extraordinary installations, museums, eclectic hotel designs and more. Here are the best places for art lovers to visit in Las Vegas.,Las Vegas is for art lovers. If you thought that Las Vegas was only about casinos and theaters, take another look. These hotels, museums and displays will entice you with boundary-breaking color and creation.,The creative geniuses behind Santa Fe’s crazy Meow Wolf have done it again with the new Omega Mart in Las Vegas. A one-of-a-kind experience with a narrative that’s trippy, thought-provoking and colorful, a wander through the world of Omega Mart is like a psychedelic sojourn through a moving gallery. ,You won’t be able to follow the same route twice, as you’re encouraged to stop and experience, shop, purchase and touch (yes, touch) items like Wake Up Please! Energy Drink or Americanized Beef as you travel in a socially responsible and distanced manner through what could be called “America’s Most Exceptional Supermarket.” ,Made up of four themed areas for a shopping trip like no other, Omega Mart in Nevada has 60 unique environments to explore with rooms, portals and spaces.  One visit is certainly not enough! Omega Mart is located at AREA15, an immersive art and entertainment district located just off the Strip. ,Art and technology meet again at MODS to captivate all ages in a multi-media, interactive gallery that pushes the boundaries of the art experience. ,Digitally psychedelic, totally immersive and innovative in a way rarely seen in the US, the Museum of Dream Space (MODS) was inspired by art design from Yahoi Kusama, a Japanese artist known for her creative infinity rooms. ,The six breathtaking spaces are filled with state-of-the-art technology and cutting-edge structural design. You can take home a memory of your visit with a photo that utilizes the digital art transformations on display here. ,Tickets are timed to allow for social distancing. Only five people are allowed to enter the museum at one time.,Las Vegas has always been a city of colors, and Sin City is especially proud of its own type of colorful art, the art of neon. ,Initially a means of attracting people to roadside attractions and hotels, neon remains a staple of Las Vegas. As developments occurred and changes were made, many original neon pieces landed is what is called the neon boneyard, a repository for these priceless creations and now part of The Neon Museum downtown. ,You’ll need to plan ahead for your visit here, especially if you want to do the evening tour when all the signs are lit up (and you definitely want to do that). Time slots are limited and tour groups are kept socially distanced and small. ,Your tour guide will explain the significance of each piece, its inspiration, and the role it played in Las Vegas history. The museum’s mission is the preservation of these neon treasures as significant pieces of art and history.,The Cosmopolitan hotel is a walking art exhibit. Starting with digital art that moves and changes in the lobby to the funky collections and serious pieces throughout, the hotel offers a remarkable look at current art.,Spend a few moments looking around after you check in, taking in the eight 15-foot digital columns in the lobby and the digital panel that spans the length of the front desk. Showing on these spaces is a library of digital art that moves continuously while creating an immersive theme.,The hotel’s “traditional” collection comprises hundreds of contemporary art works by both established and emerging artists from all over the world with a mix of large-scale paintings, photography, mixed media works, sculptures, murals and more.,Artists featured include Maya Hayuk, Marilyn Minter, Rosemarie Fiore, Alex Da Corte, Jonathan Borofsky, Nicola Lopez, Siobham Liddell and Sylvia Hommert. A collective and unusual art exhibit itself, the Cosmopolitan’s six Art-o-mat machines each dispenses a variety of original artwork for sale. ,Created by artist Clark Whittington using repurposed cigarette vending machines, the Art-o-mats offer small works of art by more than 400 artist collaborators. Each piece of Art-o-mat art is boxed and wrapped in cellophane inside the recycled cigarette machine. ,Using the same mechanism found on original cigarette machines, the Art-o-mat has pull-knob dispensers to distribute the artwork.,The “Always More: Collecting in Vegas” exhibit at the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art is worthy of museum status. ,“Always More” displays a selection of artwork on loan from Las Vegas collectors as well as signature pieces from the MGM Resorts Art Collection. ,Get an exclusive skip-the-line ticket to the Bellagio Gallery at a discounted rate here.,With some of the pieces being shown publicly at the Bellagio for the first time, the works represent a cross-section of 20th-century and contemporary art from important artists including Diane Arbus, Ross Bleckner, Cecily Brown, George Condo, Takashi Murakami, James Nares, Helmut Newton, Pablo Picasso, Joyce Pensato, Richard Prince, Robert Rauschenberg, Kazuo Shiraga, Gary Simmons, Lorna Simpson, Rosemarie Trockel and Manolo Valdés. ,Located ten miles south of Las Vegas, the playful and colorful Seven Magic Mountains is a site-specific art installation in conjunction with the Nevada Museum of Art.  ,Visit this extraordinary art installation and soak in some natural beauty on the Red Rock Canyon and Seven Magic Mountains Tour. Book your spot in advance here.,Swiss-born artist Ugo Rondinone, the creator, is well-known for his contemporary large-scale art sculptures. Here, Rondinone’s seven fluorescent towers are made of boulders stacked more than 30 feet high, looking like towering piles of painted marshmallows.,Perfect for Instagrammers, the exhibit makes a striking contrast to the Mojave Desert landscape. The outdoor installation is on view through the end of 2021.,Ready to experience the most exciting and engaging art in Las Vegas? You’ll want to be prepared with plans for transportation, hotel or VRBO bookings and local knowledge on interesting sights and restaurants. For all this and more check out Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,You can find more private and one-of-a-kind tours all over Las Vegas through GetYourGuide. With their new cancellation policy, you can cancel your booking anytime before 24 hours of the tour so you can plan your trip stress-free. Secure your spot on one of these best-selling Las Vegas tours here.,Stop for a few days in laid-back Turkish town before encountering the throngs at nearby tourist draw.,It took less than an hour for the Izmir airport shuttle to arrive at Selcuk, a small town next to one of Turkey’s biggest tourist attractions: the ruins of Ephesus.,Most tourists make only a quick stop at Selcuk, the gateway to Ephesus, on their way to the ancient Greek city, but that’s a mistake. The town’s slower pace and historical sites make it a great place to linger for a few days.,At the bus stop in the center of town, I slung on my backpack and walked through a small park filled with cafes. Groups of Turkish men sipped sweetened black tea from small glasses near a fountain. On a nearby cobble stoned street, I stopped to admire the stone facade of a 14th-century library, its red tile roof capped with a cartoonishly large nest. A stork peered down at me from it.,After the chaos of Istanbul’s 15 million people (which at times felt like all were touring the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia), this town was bliss.,I continued up the hill toward my guesthouse. This historic quarter of the town, Ayasoluk Hill, is filled with ancient buildings, and many of them, like the library, are topped with stork nests.,The 14th century Isa Bey Mosque stands at one edge of the hill, while farther up is 6th century St. John’s Basilica — believed to be the apostle’s burial site. The hill is crowned by Ayasoluk Castle.,Cafes, restaurants surround Byzantine aqueduct that runs through town.,Like a spine, a Byzantine aqueduct runs through the center of town, surrounded by cafes and restaurants. It’s like the entire town is saying, “Sit and have some tea. What’s your rush? What’s a few more minutes in the scheme of things?”,Though Ephesus is the main draw there’s so much else that makes Selcuk a place to spend some time.,Boutique hotels and guesthouses fill the historic quarter, offering a chance to explore narrow cobbled streets when the tourists who’ve made a quick stop at the Ephesus Museum or one of the town’s historical sites have left.,I stayed at the budget-friendly Amazon Petite Palace ($42 for a large spotless double, including a large breakfast). The hotel, like many in town, has a small pool, perfect for a dip after wandering through hot, dusty ruins.,My first evening, I watched the sunset from the balcony of the Ayasoluk Butik Otel, a restaurant and beautiful boutique hotel ($85, including breakfast). Over a glass of dry Turkish white wine, I chatted with the manager, who said for a few years there had been very few tourists.,“After the terrorist attack at the airport and then the political coup in 2016, tourists stopped coming. We used to have what we called ‘culture tourists,’ those who appreciated the history and didn’t just want to party on a beach. We had a lot of Americans. Then, nothing. But now there are more. We hope things are changing.”,Indeed, tourism in Turkey is booming again, especially in Istanbul, which had more than 13 million tourists last year and is expecting over 10 percent more this year. Many of the tourists who visit Ephesus do so on excursions from cruise ships that have started docking again in nearby Kusadasi and Izmir.,Of course I went to Ephesus while I visited Selcuk — not going would be like skipping the Louvre while in Paris — but I was glad I had first visited the Ephesus Museum, which is in Selcuk near the bus station.,The museum holds treasures from archaeological digs at Ephesus, Basilica of St. John and the Temple of Artemis. There’s also a short video as well as a model that gives a clearer picture of what Ephesus looked like in its heyday.,It’s clearer that the city was a major hub during Roman times and passed around like a historical ping pong ball: the Greeks, Romans, Persians, Arabs and Ottomans all controlled it at one time. At the museum, I was able to see what the Temple of Artemis looked like. Though it was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, now it’s just a column.,Several kilometers past Ephesus, there’s the house where the Virgin Mary is believed to have lived her final days, (And in town, you can buy a house through a company called Virgin Mary Real Estate.),Staying in Selcuk meant it was easy to get to Ephesus early, before the traffic jam of buses arrive and drop off their tour groups. Although it’s an easy 30-minute walk or short, inexpensive dolmus (minivan) ride to Ephesus’ bottom gate, I took a taxi to the top gate for less than $6 so I wouldn’t have to back-track. I had time for a leisurely breakfast at my hotel and was at the gate when Ephesus opened.,Although there were more than a few tourists waiting when I arrived, it was simple to get ahead of them. As I wandered through Ephesus’ ancient library, I felt like I had the site almost all to myself.,And that night, as I ate ice cream at outdoor a cafe next to the Byzantine aqueduct while Turkish children rode tricycles and their parents chatted at nearby tables, I was thrilled to be in Selcuk, enjoying real Turkey and its blend of modern and ancient.,Author Bio: Sue Sanders’ essays have been published in The New York Times, The Washington Post,  Los Angeles Times, Real Simple, Salon, Vox and others. ,Loved the article, am currently in Selcuk, purely on the suggestion of the owner of the boutique hotel Perla Rossa in Alacati. We had planned a day trip to Ephesus from Alacati but I am happy that we decided to stay in Selcuk instead. Indeed a pretty town,
with historical gems tucked away here and there, and it certainly is very refreshing to be away from the madding crowds of Istanbul and Alacati.,Hey, nice article. I’ve always wanted to visit Turkey and you’ve inspired ,e to explore the nooks and crannys. I did notice that your sentence states, “several kilometers past Ephesus, there’s the house where the Virgin Mary is believed to have lived her final days…”,But didn’t the Virgin Mary live in Palestine?,Can you keep a secret? Learn where the crowds are, and are not, all along the Great Wall of China.,The Great Wall of China. There’s little doubt that it is China’s most famous sight. Stretching approximately 1,500 miles (2,400 km) across northern China, it meanders snakelike over mountains and valleys, and over vast steppes and arid deserts. In some sections, the wall is in ruins; in others it is barely visible, all but obliterated by time. In still other sections, it has been restored.,There is more than one Great Wall; in fact, the Great Wall is made up of numerous walls built at different times. The structure was erected over a period of almost 2,000 years, by different builders. The earliest parts were constructed between 453 and 221 B.C., when rival war lords built walls to keep each other at bay. In the 3rd century B.C. (221-206 B.C.), the first emperor to unify China, Qin Shi Huang Di, erected walls to protect China from northern invaders. His successors, the Han emperors, who ruled China for more than 400 years (206 B.C.-220 A.D.), extended the walls westward. However, much of what we now call the Great Wall was built in the 14th through 17th centuries, during the Ming dynasty.,The Great Wall conjures up dozens of adjectives, among them: majestic, immense, awe inspiring, beautiful … and crowded. “Crowded” is probably the first adjective that comes to mind if, like me, you are among the hordes of tourists who visit the two best-known sections of the Great Wall, Badaling and Mutianyu.,On our most recent trip to China, however, we “discovered” three sections of the Great Wall that are — for the moment at least — nearly devoid of tourists and locals. Two — Jinshanling and Simatai — are located about 75 miles (120 km) northeast of Beijing (China’s capital); the third, — Juyongguan — is only 36 miles (58 km) from the capital.,Jinshanling, built during the reign of the first Ming Dynasty emperor, Emperor Hung Wu (1368-1398), is approximately 12 miles (19 km) long, and is studded with watchtowers: there are about 100 of them, approximately eight per mile (1.6 km). The watchtowers typically stand about 30 feet (9 m) high, and consist of two levels; the lower one was used for weapons and provisions, and as a garrison for soldiers, the upper level was the lookout. The towers were not built in a cookie-cutter fashion. Some were circular, others oval or square. Their roofs varied as well; they could be flat, domed, or vaulted. One wonders what poetic souls named them long ago. Many bear names such as Peach Spring Tower or Fox Head Tower.,Jinshanling is very picturesque as it winds over mountains; however, there are few flat portions to walk along. Most of this section is steep, with stone staircases that climb up and down, up and down. Jinshanling is literally and figuratively breathtaking.,In contrast to the hordes of human ants who labor up and down the inclines of the Wall at Badaling and Mutianyu, we were theonly ones hiking Jinshanling. It was exhilarating to enjoy the sights — the ancient stones, and the nearby mountains now and then emerging from the mist — with no one else around.,There is a cable car to several of the towers, but it wasn’t operating when we visited. From the parking lot where our driver waited for us, it’s a walk of about 30 minutes to the wall. To save your energy for hiking the wall itself, you can have a van take you to the foot of the wall, where it will wait for you, then return you to the parking lot after your walk.,Six miles away, we visited Simatai, a 3 1/2-mile (5 1/2 km) section — also built by Emperor Hung Wu at the end of the 14th century — that is rich in watchtowers. While watchtowers along other sections of the Great Wall were typically spaced about 1,500 feet (457 m) apart, the 35 towers at Simatai are densely packed, at one to every 300 to 500 feet (91 to 152 m).,Here too, many of the watchtowers bear lovely names: White Cloud Tower, Fairy Maiden Beacon Tower, Eyes of the Cat Tower. Some of the portions between the towers also bear evocative names. One such section is called Ladder to Heaven. It is very steep, as is much of Simatai, making the going slow and, if it is raining, treacherous. However, there are other sections which, though steep, are not as dangerous.,We were not alone at Simatai, as we were at Jinshanling. There were others hiking the precipitous stairs and steep inclines, but it was only a fraction of the numbers we encountered at Badaling and Mutianyu. It was possible at Simatai, as at Jinshanling, to savor the wall and the views from it without feeling pushed along by the human tide.,It’s a 45-minute uphill walk from the car park to the first watchtower at Simatai. While there is a cable car to some of the watchtowers, it wasn’t working when we visited, and there was no van to take visitors to the wall. The hike, however, is worth the effort. There are views over a reservoir and, once you finally reach the nearest watchtower and begin the climb along the Great Wall itself, the scenery is magnificent even if you come on a misty day, as we did, with mountains peeking in and out of the clouds. “It’s like walking in a Chinese scroll painting,” commented my husband, Paul.,On the way back to the capital, we stopped at yet a third section, Juyongguan, which is set among lovely temples and courtyards. It’s much closer to Beijing, only 36 miles (58 km). The views here are spectacular, since you can see so much of the wall as it winds up and down nearby hills. Few people were here when we visited, which is surprising, considering its proximity to Beijing. We once again enjoyed the near-solitude.,If you want to savor one of this world’s greatest travel experiences at a leisurely pace and almost alone, go to Jinshanling, Simatai or Juyongguan; just don’t tell too many others, or the crowds will follow.,If You Go,We stayed at the Peninsula Palace Hotel, considered one of Beijing’s finest. The hotel made our travel arrangements for the approximately 5-hour excursion to Jinshanling, Simatai and Juyongguan. A car and driver cost US$ 180 for the day.,The Peninsula Palace Hotel (8 Goldfish Lane, Wangfujing, 212-903-3073; www.peninsula.com), part of the exclusive Peninsula group of hotels, is consistently voted by travel magazines and their readers as one of the top hotels in Beijing. Its guestrooms are exquisitely decorated, with many rooms offering plasma TV sets and DVD/CD players.,Room rates start at US$ 350, although special offers may be available. Two of Beijing’s best restaurants are located in the Peninsula Palace. Huang Ting, built to resemble the courtyard of a Chinese nobleman’s house, serves superb Cantonese cuisine, including dim sum at lunchtime. Jing, named in 2003 by Condé Nast Traveler as one of the “top 75 hottest tables in the world,” features a blend of western and Asian cuisine.,China Tourism,www.cnta.com/lyen,What month did you go? I would guess that spring months would be more crowded.,Each culture has its own customs and traditions. Here are 15 different ways to greet others around the world.,The world is full of rich, diverse and amazing cultures. Each one has their own customs and traditions. There are many different way to greet one another. Here are 15 different greetings from around the world.,View Interactive Version (via Two Little Fleas).,Good job very helpfull for students .good luck.,Great article, didn’t know about many greetings here!,One of the oldest towns in Spain, Ronda is filled with intrigue every lofty step of the way,Photographers beware: Leaning out to get the perfect shot of the magnificent Puente Nuevo bridge in Ronda, Spain, can result in a long drop – 390 feet to be exact. And while the bridge may be the star of the show in Ronda, the supporting cast of awesome views and medieval splendor also draws quite a crowd.,Dating to the 6th century B.C., Ronda is one of the oldest towns in Spain and arguably the most intriguing. Located in the Malaga region of southern Spain, getting to Ronda is a bit of a challenge.,The roads are steep and winding, but the scenery makes it worth your while. Visitors enjoy a panorama of terraced hills, olive groves and cobalt skies as they wend their way to Ronda’s lofty heights.,On arrival, we made our way to Alameda del Tajo. This lovely park has a lookout point like no other –  you can see for miles. This plaza is situated on a cliff so sheer it will make your head spin. Step away if you’re squeamish about heights.,A round pavilion situated on the plaza hosts local musicians, and on the day of our visit it was occupied by a group playing Peruvian pipe music. The combination of epic views and haunting melodies made this an unforgettable travel moment.,From there we strolled along cobblestone streets to the Puente Nuevo bridge. This is one of Ronda’s most photographed sites and it’s not hard to see why. An incredible feat of engineering, the bridge towers 390 feet above the canyon floor and was built without the aid of modern technology.,While crossing the bridge we cautiously peered over the side. It’s perfectly safe, but a sudden gust of wind had me gripping the stone balustrade extra tight.,Not only is the Puente Nuevo an architectural wonder,  it has a fascinating history. The first attempt at bridging the Guadalevin River was in 1734. That bridge had one arch, was poorly built and, after seven years, collapsed, killing 50 people.,Without the bridge, it was very difficult to get from one part of town to the other. A visit to the far side entailed a heart-pounding trek through the El Tajo Gorge, a sheer limestone ravine that drops from the bridge to the craggy river bed below.,The construction of the second causeway in 1751 was a great boon to the citizens of Ronda – unless, that is, you were prone to breaking the law.,The middle chamber of the new bridge was used as a prison, from which I’m guessing few escaped. Another grim fact – during the 1936-1939 civil war, the prison doubled as a torture chamber for captured opponents, and some unlucky inhabitants were thrown from the windows to the rocks below. The chamber now serves a happier function, as it contains an exhibition describing the bridge’s history.,La Casa Del Rey Moro is another visitor favorite. This palace was reputedly the home of a Moorish king, but actually was built in the 18th century long after the Moors’ occupation.,While the building itself is not always open to the public, visitors will enjoy an excellent re-creation of a Moorish garden, as well as a fascinating feature found in the spooky netherworld beneath the palace. Don’t miss the Water Mine.,The Water Mine was built by the Moors in the 14th century as a means to protect the city’s water supply during times of war.  Visitors enter through the palace gardens and descend 231 steps that are carved into a rock wall. Luckily there’s a handrail since the descent can be damp and slippery.,The tour leads 200 feet down to the galleries of a shadowy underground fortress, and then to the riverbed. Here you step from the gloom into a beautiful grotto filled with sunshine and sparkling water. Now it’s time to imagine what it must have been like to carry buckets of water back up all those stairs.,Our next stop was the Plaza De Toros bullfight ring. This is an interesting place even if you’re not a fan of this controversial sport. Here you can walk around the arena, visit the equestrian center and check out the chute where the bulls come charging into the ring.,Be sure to visit the Bullfight Museum. It’s located under the stadium where it’s nice and cool, a welcome change from the simmering heat outside. You will  see authentic bullfighting costumes, photos and stories of bullfighters and matadors, along with a fascinating history of the sport itself. ,In the late 19th century Spain was plagued by bandits and highway robbers. The Bandolero Museum chronicles the lives and legends of these shady citizens. You will  see paintings and dioramas, along with ancient knives, pistols and blunderbusses.,Other displays feature histories and personal documents, as well as newspaper articles alternately calling for the capture of, and protection for the gritty bandits. This is a fun stop, which is located near the bull ring.,Ronda is a unique and delightful place to visit. In addition to the main sites, there’s a fun shopping district and a variety of cozy restaurants.,All in all, the Ronda Show gets a 4-star review from me.  And while it won’t be coming to a theater near you, you can certainly go to it the next time you visit Spain.,If you go:,Rondatoday.com is a great source for all things Ronda related.,Palace and Water Mine
Calle Cuesta de Santo Domingo, 9, 29400 Ronda, Málaga, Spain
Phone: +34 617 61 08 08
Hours: Opens 10 a.m.
Tickets approximately $6,Bullfight Museum
Calle Virgen de la Paz, 15, 29400 Ronda, Málaga, Spain
Ticket Office Phone+(34) 952 874 132
Open throughout the year except on bullfighting days.
Hours: 10 a.m. – 6 p.m.
Tickets: 8 euros / with audio guide 9.5 euros,Museo del Bandolero
Calle Armiñán, 65, 29400 Ronda, Málaga, Spain
Ticket Office Phone – (34) 952 877 785
Hours: Monday to Friday and Sunday,11 a.m.-7:30 p.m.; Saturday and bank holidays,11 a.m.-8 p.m.
Tickets: Single 3.75 euros / Groups 2 Euros,Lodging:
For the budget-minded traveler – Hotel Ronda
Calle Ruedo Doña Elvira, 12, 29400 Ronda, Málaga, Spain
+ (34) 952 87 22 32,For luxury accommodations –  the Vida Rustia
Vacation villas for visitors to Andalucia
Phone –  +44 (0) 208 099,Author Bio: Geanie Roake is a book lover who has the good fortune to work in a library, and a wanderer who loves to write about her adventures. Join her for more travel tales at https://libraryladytravels.com/,Vodopad Blihe is a waterfall in North Bosnia. Read one traveler’s story of discovering this beautiful waterfall.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,I just needed to get out. After two years, the pandemic was seriously frustrating me and I was in desperate need of exploring another country. Until then, I covered a lot of places already.,65 countries to be specific. “Where should I go next?” I asked myself and found a quick answer to this question while looking at the “countries been” app on my phone.,Bosnia & Herzegovina was the obvious choice. But why did I choose this country? What is unique about it? Let me take you on a little journey to a very specific place in the remote and isolated northern part of Bosnia & Herzegovina. A journey I took only to get one particular picture.,Although most people associate Bosnia & Herzegovina with poverty and pollution (which is true), this beautiful Balkan country truly offers a lot.,For example, you can easily find delicious food, pleasant conversations with friendly locals and exciting history. On top of that, Bosnia is relatively cheap, making it a perfect destination for an affordable getaway.,However, what attracted me the most was one specific landmark. A place in nature that looked so stunning in pictures that I just had to get there myself: Vodopad Blihe (called Blihin Skok by locals).,This waterfall drops about 56 meters (183 feet) and lies in a hidden valley close to the northwestern border to Croatia. Once I discovered this natural beauty during my research online, both my flight and rental car were booked in no time.,Only three days later, in the beginning of March 2022, my journey started in a small city called Banja Luka, about 3 hours north of Bosnia’s capitol Sarajevo. The first hour, I found myself driving on the M4 west towards a town called Prijedor. Basically, you could say there was not much to see throughout the entire drive.,However, if you are into photography and like old abandoned buildings like I do, this is paradise. There were dozens of abandoned buildings and ruins left from the war in every town I passed through.,All of them were easily accessible and right in front of me. No detour is needed. Just parking the car for a couple of minutes was enough to snap some great pictures.,The cold and cloudy winter day complemented the already depressed feeling about those places as I walked through them. Once again, just like during many of my previous journeys, I found myself wondering how people could live here.,Time seemed to have stopped a long time ago. No people out in the streets, no restaurants, no entertainment. Just lots of trash and a few stray dogs crossing the street every once in a while.,From Prijedor, I continued on the R405 southwest towards Donji Kamengrad and further towards Fajtovci. The GPS was set to the waterfall (“Vodopad Blihe”) and led me right into nowhere. “You have reached your destination” a friendly voice told me. Obviously not.,Once I turned around and drove back a few minutes, I saw a bright yellow “Vodopad Blihe” sign right on the side of the street. Seems like I had simply overlooked it. “Sometimes, paying more attention to the road than to the GPS sure wouldn’t hurt” I thought. ,After I followed the designated road for 2 additional minutes, I reached a small wooden information booth, a playground and a tent that served as a restaurant (by the way, setting the GPS to “Bistro Vodopad Blihe” instead of only “Vodopad Blihe” would have brought me here correctly). Of course, everything was closed and not a single person to be found anywhere. ,Just like during the past 30 minutes of my journey, that was precisely what I was hoping for. I personally find a strong correlation between off-season traveling and the happiness level of my experiences in nature.,The fewer people, the happier I am. Not just because of my photography, but in general. I feel emotionally thrilled when I am as alone as possible in nature.,And right then, I was the only person inside the entire nature preserve area. I decided to park the car close by a tree below the playground and started to make my way down towards what seemed to be the right direction. ,It was cold and started to rain/snow right when I took my first steps on the wooden path. I had to be extra careful, since the slippery ground made it not easy to move forward without almost falling. After a few minutes, the wooden steps turned into an actual hiking trail and then back into a wooden track that led to a little shelter.,I used this stop to prepare my tripod, drone and camera lenses. According to the GPS, I was right in front of the waterfall but yet couldn’t see it. Neither could I hear it over the wind and rain at this point. ,Once I felt prepared enough, I continued my walk for only 30 more seconds and suddenly saw the waterfall behind a slight little right turn. It was majestic, beautiful and overwhelming.,Much bigger than it looked in any of the pictures I found online and way more impressive than I ever imagined it could be. At the end of the wooden path, I reached a small platform that served as a lookout point.,It was open towards the front, so people can walk as close to the waterfall as they like. Easier said than done. The force of the water dropping into the pond in front of me created so much wind and water mist that I had a tough time walking much closer. The muddy and slippery ground contributed to the tricky endeavor. ,Before I even finished thinking about what lens and camera angle I should go for, my entire equipment, including myself, was completely wet. At this point, I was highly demotivated.,There was one specific picture I wanted. I knew exactly how I wanted it to look but couldn’t figure out how to execute the task in this harsh environment.,It almost seemed impossible to position the tripod far enough from the waterfall to avoid the mist getting the camera wet, but close enough so I could safely make it to my desired position within the 10-second camera timer. All of it without hurting myself by sipping off wet rocks while running of course. ,Just as I was about to give up and leave with “only” some waterfall pictures, the wind in the valley changed in a way that it pushed against the mist coming from the waterfall. This was my time window. I set up everything again in a few seconds and managed to take my shot.,After double-checking the picture’s quality, I packed up my gear and moved back a few steps to sit down inside the small shelter I had passed earlier. For about an hour, I just sat there.,Sure, it was cold and wet, but this is always what I love most after all. After all the effort finding places, after the preparation and picture taking, after all the stress, the siting down and taking in nature is what I love the most. ‘,No cell phone, no camera, no drone. Just nature and me. After about an hour it started to get dark in the valley, so I slowly got up, moved up the wooden path and made my way back to Banja Luka. ,If you are into nature and landscapes, this country definitely deserves a place on your bucket list. Particularly because Bosnia & Herzegovina is not yet very developed for tourism (yet!), there are numerous opportunities to experience untouched landscapes without hundreds of other visitors.,If you are willing to deal with a colder environment and walk that extra mile, off-season gets you an even better chance of true isolation. However, no matter where you will end up exactly within Bosnia & Herzegovina, you should definitely make Vodopad Blihe a mandatory stop.,Are you ready to plan a trip to this impressive waterfall? If you are already in Europe, I highly recommend booking budget flights with RyanAir.,This Airline is generally connected to Banja Luka, a small city in northern Bosnia. Although this place has not much to offer, it is only about 2 hours away from the waterfall.,If this flight connection is not possible, you have to drive about 5 hours from Sarajevo. As for hotels in Banja Luka, you can easily find many options on common websites, such as booking.com.,However, I highly recommend staying in the Hotel Vila Viktoria. Considering the general condition of the country, this place has quite nice rooms and collaborates with a good restaurant right next door (where also breakfast is served). ,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Thomas Später is an experienced backpacking traveler that specializes in adventurous trips around the globe. He has traveled to remote and exotic places, such as Namibia or Mongolia and focuses on landscape and wildlife photography to share the beauty of our planet with others. In 2021, Thomas published a (german) book about Overpopulation and overconsumption (Die Überbevölkerung). With his awareness of current global issues, he uses his travels to support particularly local hotels and restaurants to raise awareness for the nature and culture of his destinations. ,With a vibrant nightlife and iconic landmarks, Berlin offers a glimpse into the redemption of the past and the promise of the future.,Berlin, Germany is one of the top destinations in Europe. It has a long complicated history, yet has emerged to become a welcoming city that embraces differences and celebrates diversity.,Berlin dates back to the 13th century and later became the capital of Prussia before a unified Germany was formed in 1871.,In World War II, Berlin became the capital of Nazi Germany and the city was heavily bombed. After Hitler’s defeat, Berlin was divided into two sectors, separated by the Berlin Wall: The East sector, which was controlled by the Soviets, and the West sector, which was given to the Allied Forces.   ,After the fall of Communism and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, Berlin was reunified a year later. Today, Berlin is a world-class city.,Historical remnants such as the Berlin Wall or Brandenburg Gate offer unexampled sightseeing opportunities unlike any other in Europe.  ,The Reichstag in Berlin is a big draw for visitors with its Neo-Renaissance architecture and an impressive glass dome that has seen the most changes in this European city from the rule of the Imperial Diet of the German Empire to its near demise from a fire. ,Before you start planning your next trip to Germany, check out these top 11 things to do in Berlin. ,We’ve added links to many of these attractions with our trusted partner, GetYourGuide.com. Purchase tickets ahead of time to save money and time.,And side note, we receive a small commission on any purchases. Enjoy!,Hitler’s bunker, also known as the Führerbunker, was constructed in two phases in the years of 1936 and 1944 under the Reich Chancellery in Berlin. ,This subterranean bunker was where Adolf Hitler spent his final days at the end of World War II. ,Today, not much of the bunker remains but the history is well-documented and can best be experienced on a 2-hour walking tour and/or guided tour that stretches along the Berlin Wall. ,Standing at attention against the skyline of Berlin is the iconic landmark TV Tower. ,Located in the Mitte district of Berlin and near the Alexanderplatz or “Alex,” the TV Tower, also known as Berliner Fernsehturm, offers a bird’s-eye view of the city from an observation deck or from the rotating 360° TV Turm Restaurant. ,The central borough of Mitte is one of the most vibrant boroughs and is known for its nightlife, trendy boutiques, award-winning restaurants and the best street cafes to grab a coffee. ,Mitte boasts six districts:  Tiergarten, Wedding, Hansaviertel, Moabit, Gesundbrunnen and, of course, Mitte proper. ,Mitte was once split between East and West Berlin and today draws throngs of visitors and Berliners alike. ,Berlin’s The Reichstag is a draw for visitors to Germany and is still one of the most recognizable landmarks in Berlin outside of the Brandenburg Gate. ,The neo-renaissance building was finished in 1894 and was built to house the Imperial Diet governmental body during the German Empire. ,The long history of The Reichstag includes a devastating fire in 1933 that reduced it to rubbles. It was further damaged by air raids during World War II.,Today, it’s a must-see. Its impressive glass dome can be climbed via stairs and provides breathtaking views of the River Spree, Brandenburg Gate and the Tiergarten Park gardens. Guided tours are highly recommended when visiting The Reichstag. ,Self-coined the world’s biggest theater stage, Friedrichstadt-Palast or Palast Berlin boasts Vegas-style shows, cabarets and many live shows and entertainment. ,Friedrichstadt-Palast’s theater seats almost 1,900 and is considered the largest show palace in Europe. Be sure to grab a drink at the Sky Lounge before or after a show. ,One of the best sightseeing opportunities is to stroll the Berlin Wall History Mile which takes you through the history of Germany via 32 info boards and memorial markers honoring those who lost their lives trying to cross it. ,This tour also takes you through Checkpoint Charlie and the Checkpoint Charlie outdoor exhibition with details about the Cold War. The Berlin Wall Trail follows the border strip of West Berlin and the open-air East Side Gallery with vibrant murals painted on what still stands from the Berlin Wall near the center in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg. ,Charlottenburg Palace is a spectacular palace with baroque architecture in the Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf district of Berlin. ,Like The Reichstag building, Charlottenburg Palace has a long history and also sustained significant damage during World War II but was restored to its former glory including the verdant gardens that are considered its main attraction. ,One of the most somber attractions in Berlin and Europe is the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe or the Holocaust Memorial. The 19,000 square meters (204,514 square feet) consists of 2,711 concrete slabs honoring the Jews who were murdered by Nazis during World War II.,Located in the historic center of Berlin, Museum Island sits on the northern part of Spree Island (take a boat tour on the River Spree) and is home to several famous German art galleries, museums and landmarks including Neues Museum, Altes Museum, Alte Nationalgalerie, the Bode-Museum and the Pergamonmuseum. ,Mauerpark is an open-air market or flea market in Berlin that invites visitors and Berliners to peruse unique finds, antiques and works by local designers and artists. ,One popular activity at Mauerpark is the outdoor karaoke happening every Sunday. It’s not hard to find – simply follow the sound system. ,The last standing town gate, Brandenburg Gate is located at the western end of Berlin and is only one of the most recognizable monuments in Germany that at one time separated East Berlin from West Berlin. ,The Brandenburg Gate dates to the 18th century and today it stands as a symbol of reunification. It should be at the top of your sightseeing list.,Author’s bio: Angie Cavallari, a lifestyle and pop culture expert, is the author of “Trailer Trash: an ‘80s Memoir.” She has authored thousands of blogs and articles, some of which has been featured in Huffington Post, The Reset and Go World Travel, among others. When she is not traveling, she enjoys spending time with her kids and her precocious pug, JJ.,This is a fantastic Berlin blog. We fly into Munich in early September (ideal weather), and I’ve decided to spend three days in Berlin and another day or so in Dresden. Thank you very much for providing this information. You’ve done a fantastic job on your own site, and I really enjoy it.
it is helpful for me and many people out there like me.,Thanks! We hope you have a wonderful trip! 🙂,Graphic artifacts and displays at Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum test your emotions 74 years after the world’s first atomic bomb hit this Japanese city.,Whenever traveling abroad, strangers I meet always ask where I’m from.,“Toyama, Japan,” I tell them. But they never know where that is. When I ask them what cities they know in Japan, they almost always say Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka. Then I ask if they know Hiroshima. Nine out of 10 times, they know where I’m talking about.,Why is Hiroshima so well known by people across the globe? Hiroshima is the home town of Japan’s professional baseball and football teams. The automaker Mazda started its business and is still headquartered in Hiroshima. But this is not why people know the city. It’s because Hiroshima faced a momentous incident in world history.,For the first time in history, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima on Aug. 6, 1945, eventually bringing an end to WWII. It destroyed the city of 350,000, except for one building that still stands today. That relic was designated a World Heritage Site in 1996 by UNESCO. More than 1.5 million international travelers pay a visit every year to both the relic and memorial museum in the same park.,I once interviewed international travelers just in front of the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum, which is in the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park. Visitors from China, the U.S., the U.K., Russia, Italy and Germany spoke the same sentence: We will never initiate such wars again.,The museum displays artifacts and shares stories from bomb victims, shows pictures of the destruction of the city and casualties, and has other documents of the atomic holocaust. Many of the exhibits and objects are shocking to see.,The World Heritage Site near the museum, called Atomic Bomb Dome, also conveys the horror of the atomic bomb. The building, originally the Hiroshima Prefectural Industrial Promotional Hall, was constructed by a Czech architect in 1914 and stands three stories tall with a dome on top. The site sits 525 feet (160 meters) southeast of the center of the atomic explosion.,About 30 people inside the building at the moment the bomb hit died in an instant, and the air burst knocked bricks and stone walls from the building.,The relic was in the process of being demolished in the 1960s when reconstruction of the city had dramatically advanced, but city council members at the time adopted permanent preservation in 1966. Some 30 years later, the relic was designated a World Heritage Site.,The number of atomic bomb survivors has been decreasing because more than 70 years have passed since the momentous incident in 1945, but remaining survivors have proactively tried to convey their experience to younger generations. They have shown their keloid scars and often will let you touch them.,The Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum provides opportunities to hold talks with survivors. Although at least 6,000 yen (about US$50) is required as a gratuity to a speaker, you can call on him or her to a specified place, such as a conference room at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum or International Conference Center Hiroshima, or to your local accommodation.,English-speaking survivors exist, and you can arrange your travel schedule to get a meeting with a speaker through Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum.,If the atomic bomb experience talk seems a little heavy burden, you can apply for a volunteer guide strolling around the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park, including the Atomic Bomb Dome. Hiroshima Interpreters for Peace (HIP) sends an English-speaking volunteer guide at almost no fee. You can receive English guidance of the park and the relic; the museum itself has displays in English.,Fill out a form on the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park website to easily book a volunteer guide. Doing so will ensure you have a guide on the day you’ll be visiting.,Japan consists of four main islands. The largest, called Honshu, has most of the major Japanese cities such as Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka and Hiroshima. As these cities are on the same island, you may think they are close, but Hiroshima is near the western edge of Honshu, about 500 miles (800km) west of Tokyo.,Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park, including the Atomic Bomb Dome and Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum, is in the central part of the city. The site is about 1.2 miles (2km) from JR Hiroshima Station.,A 16-minute tram ride from Hiroshima Station will take you to the nearest station to the park,  Genbaku Dome-mae Station. The park is open 24 hours a day and you can visit the dome anytime you want.,The museum is typically open from 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily. It is closed Dec. 30 and 31. Check its website for the most up-to-date information. The entrance fee to the museum is 200 yen (about US$1.50). The museum gets crowded with travelers from the end of July to November. If possible, avoid the peak months.,Masayoshi Sakamoto（坂本正敬）is a Japanese writer and translator based in Toyama, Japan. He writes news and columns for a number of publications and web magazines. He’s also preparing to be editor in chief of a new local magazine, HokuRoku., ,Do you love to explore new destinations and experience new cultures? Here’s how to start a travel podcast to share those experiences with an audience of travel lovers.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Do you love to travel and see exciting new places, experience different cultures, and discover amazing destinations? Do you also have a dream of starting your own podcast? Why not do both and start a travel podcast?,Podcasts are a great way to share your travel experiences for a worldwide audience and get sponsorship for future travel adventures. This guide will give you everything you need to know about starting a travel podcast of your very own. ,Many podcasts in all different niches fade out. Podcasts take a lot of planning and work. So, it’s really important to understand your why behind doing the podcast in the first place.,Why do you want to host a travel podcast? Do you have a lot of experience and first-hand knowledge of travelling and feel you could help people travel smarter?,Do you travel on a budget to exotic places and only spend a little money? Figuring out your why is the first step to finding your niche and who your audience will be. ,Some questions to ask yourself: ,There are many reasons for this answer. Figure out what your main drive behind creating a travel podcast is and then ask yourself the next question.,There are different things you could focus on. Try and narrow it down to a very specific section of travel that you are passionate about. Then, ask yourself the final question.,The better you know your audience, the better you will be at serving their needs and interests. This means more engaged listeners and audience growth over time.,You have figured out what you are going to podcast about and who is going to be listening to you, now you need to know if your idea is viable.,You need to conduct research to see if someone is already catering to that niche. If someone is already covering your podcast idea, don’t despair, look at what they are missing from their podcasts.,Can you take a different perspective? Be more consistent with podcast episodes? It’s possible to have a direct competitor in podcasting and still be very successful. Make sure though, that you are considering very carefully what will make you show stand out.,There is no right or wrong way to host your podcast, only the best fit for you and the information you want to send out into the world. Determine how long you want the episodes to be and if you are going to do it monologue, conversation style, or round table style.,Bear in mind, scheduling interviews and round table discussions can be difficult while traveling. Monologue shows are much easier while travelling, but they are harder to keep interesting. Are you planning on editing your show? ,You don’t always have to use the same format either, it’s perfectly viable to change it up now and again, but remember, people are listening in part because of how your format fits their life.,After you decide what your format is going to be, you need to decide on the scheduling you will follow because consistency is necessary for building up an audience. Define and commit to a reasonable schedule that fits around your life and needs. ,You know your why, you have your niche and podcast format picked out. You have decided on a production schedule. Now you need to pick a name and design your podcast cover art.,Once you pick a title for your podcast, you need to do some research to make sure that the name isn’t already in use. Once you are sure you have picked a unique show name, start thinking about the cover art for it.,The best practice for this is to choose images that directly relate to your show. You can get the artwork done cheaply on sites like Fiverr and Upwork.,Depending on your podcast format you will need different equipment, but the basics are the same. You need to purchase a website to post your episodes on, a microphone and a stand for it, and audio editing software.,Think about your format and do your homework on what equipment will be right for you and your podcast. A lot of podcast editing can be done on free software like GarageBand(iOS) and Audacity (Windows), but you can also use Adobe for it as well, though it’s not free. ,Purchase a domain name and set up your podcast website. Do your homework for the best service for your podcast needs.,Then you are ready to record, edit, and publish your very first travel podcast episode.,After creating your podcast, you need to focus on building your audience. The best way is through networking with other podcasters in your field. ,Author’s Bio: Emily Henry is a writer at Type My Essay and Undergraduate Writing Service UK. She enjoys writing on topics relating to travel.,The screeching noise added to the beeps, honks and shouts rising from the symphony of an Old Delhi traffic jam, one traveler reflects on Old Delhi.,The pedal-powered rickshaw puller rammed on the hand brakes as he collided with the motorized tuk-tuk directly in front of us.,The screeching noise added to the beeps, honks and shouts rising from the symphony of an Old Delhi traffic jam.,I looked behind through the open space of our perch and with wide eyes and gaping mouth waited for a similar impact from a scooter closing the gap.,I heard the spokes of the bicycle’s front tire scraping against the struts of the carriage trying to pass us on the right. A quick purse snatch from the woman riding in the rickshaw alongside ours would be kid’s play.,Realizing that she could just as easily lift my wallet, I pressed my handbag into the center crease of the seat. Tucking both elbows snuggly inside the arm rail, I wound my camera strap so tightly around my wrist that veins bulged.,Delivery vans, push carts, cars and contraptions of boards and plastic wired together fought for every inch of narrow road space.,Weaving and bobbing through this virtual sea of vehicles, merchants teetering under the weight of bales of fabric atop their heads, snaked across the street.,A bump here, a thud there, none of the rickshaw pullers, called lakhs, even flinched at the barrage of assaults.,A stray cow sauntering in the opposite direction of the traffic seemed to instinctively know that drivers would rather collide with another vehicle than crash into the animal’s ‘sacred’ hide.,Human life didn’t appear to rank quite so high.,Our young, lean cyclist crawled forward unfazed by the organized chaos. He pressed his worn thin flip-flops down on the pedals. A teenager’s day in Old Delhi; riding a bicycle in flimsy footwear, pulling a carriage with two Western travelers.,True to the universal distraction he balanced the handlebars with one finger and grabbed his cellphone from his back pocket, checking for messages. Staying connected appeared to take priority over safety in India as well.,Chandni Chowk Bazaar, the busiest market in Old Delhi, was built in the mid-17th century by Moghul Emperor Shah Jahan and designed by his daughter Jahanara.,The market’s name, derived from the Hindi word meaning silver, related to the sale of items crafted from this precious metal.,A reflection pool originally constructed in the center of the shopping area had once shimmered in the moonlight. For centuries, this commerce mecca retained the nickname of Silver and Moonlight Square.,The silver market has thrived for over three hundred years but the small canals and the pool were filled in with more stores and narrow alleys.,Just outside the walls of India’s largest mosque, Jama Masjid built around the same time as the market in 1650 and located on the outer fringe of the bazaar, numerous rickshaws lined the street.,Each one had its own unique characteristic and eager lakhs used high pressure tactics or charming teenage innocence to entice worshippers or shoppers into their carriages.,The prospect of earning rupees for every jaunt must make pulling a cart full of people and goods through the masses less grueling.,Today Chandni Chowk is rated as having the greatest number of cycle rickshaws in the world and their use has made a significant reduction in India’s serious air pollution problem.,Utilizing only human power, pedal rickshaws save the cost of constructing parking areas for cars and trucks, and provide a low-cost alternative for transporting household goods around the market area.,Often instead of people, these bicycle carts carry bales of cotton, sacks of rice or crates of fruits and nuts.,A benefit to the labor force issues, lakhs earn a decent wage without being a drain on the government for support. The push is on to ban all motorized vehicles throughout the Chandni market area.,An hour earlier, we had picked a rickshaw with a red plastic seat repaired with black electrical tape and topped with a tasseled, blue tarp roof to protect from the brutal Delhi sun.,A 15-year-old named Alok won me over with his curly black hair and alluring smile. He offered me a banana as he held my hand and steadied the cart while I climbed into the narrow, uncomfortable space.,We started off at a moderate clip and the slight breeze through the open-air gig brought relief from the stifling 115 degree afternoon heat. Bliss would be short-lived.,We turned the corner onto the main market street and became snared in the traffic snarl. The first 50 meters had been a tease. Nothing to do but sit back, munch on my banana and take it all in.,The jammed market area and constant grind of activity has been called a living museum. It stimulated all my senses. Merchants standing in the doorways of their narrow shops barked their sales pitches in Hindi.,Women in colorful silk saris, loaded down with vegetables and other market goods, sloshed through the trash that piled up ankle deep along every curb.,Clumps of tangled electrical wires overhead formed grotesque shapes mid-air, then somehow braced themselves against the buildings.,Rice bags brimming with turmeric, cumin and curry hogged valuable sidewalk space and robust spice aromas wafted into the air.,I clenched my banana peel tightly determined that I would not add to the garbage strewn everywhere.,Delhi has attempted to put trash cans around the city, but these receptacles remain in place only a few hours before they are stolen to be sold in the market for other uses.,I could never comprehend this habit, visible throughout India, of discarding items on the spot. We saw city streets, highway shoulders and fields in the countryside littered with unwanted items.,A rare Dumpster overflowed and cows crowded around it looking for dinner. The sight of bony, malnourished cattle, sorting through garbage for their food made me look away.,I guarded that banana peel for over an hour, but then our young pedal-pusher stopped at the spice market to let us browse in the shops for 10 minutes. He gently uncurled my fingers wrapped around the peel and said, “Madam, give to me.”,I knew its fate the moment he took it. It joined the heap of trash at his feet. My determined effort to be one person out of 1.2 billion who didn’t litter − dashed.,A leisurely stroll through the market proved impossible. Waves of humanity rolled along and anyone who stood still got trapped in the movement of the masses.,The sidewalk resembled an obstacle course as I stumbled along. Homeless vagrants curled up in the doorways, merchants selling fruit in the middle of the walkway and small crevices waiting to snag an unsure foot were three impediments that sent me reeling.,I raced back to the comfy protection of our waiting rickshaw. Walking turned out to be riskier than riding.,So, when in Delhi, head to the mosque, hire a pedal rickshaw and get ready for a fascinating, stimulating and eye-opening way to experience the complex layers and tough realities of India., ,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric field work in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,This is the very informative information. Amazing Blog.,I found this article while surfing on Internet. It is Great to see that there is such information available. I will keep following all your posts and blogs. It is full of Travel world and informative.,Thanks for sharing your experience and photos with us, keep posting like this.,In a one-room dwelling of a shepard’s compound, a mountaintop shaman offers a New Year’s blessing and an unforgettable experience.,It’s 5 a.m. on December 31, and Puno, a lakeside town in southeast Peru, is stirring. Coral pinks and tropical aquamarines creep into the sky. I gaze up at the rafters, tied with strips of llama skin.,Closely following the dawn chorus of birds come the cries of children playing an impromptu soccer game by the railroad tracks. I watch them through the window. The game includes children of all ages, and the small children are swooped out of the action zone when the game moves their way.,The one-room dwellings where many of these families live aren’t big enough for playing inside, so the kids are outside as soon as it is light.,The traders, too, are already arriving and setting up their stalls on the sidewalk, first laying down the cerise and blue woven cloths that serve women as baby slings, backpacks and, now, a cloth on which to arrange trinkets.,We bartered with the vendors yesterday to buy yellow underwear, which we plan to wear at midnight tonight — a Peruvian tradition said to bring good luck for the New Year.,Before we start on the day’s adventures, we enter the dining room to find a table spread with red and orange cloths. The smiling staff of our hotel has prepared a cornucopia of breakfast foods: quinoa, oatmeal, maca, or wheat porridge, fresh mangoes, papaya juice, bananas, oranges, crusty white rolls, strawberry jam and strawberry yogurt. Tea in hand, I gaze through the picture window at the distant mountains across the lake.,We leave the hotel in a private combi, a tour bus, to go up the mountain and visit the chullpas of Sillustani, pre-Incan funeral towers high above Lake Umayo. The chullpas were made of immense granite blocks, shaped into cylindrical forms that rise as high as 39 feet (12 m). It’s astonishing to see these jigsaw-puzzle structures in which massive stones were fitted together without the benefit of modern lifting equipment.,The scenery is akin to that of my native Pennine Mountains in Britain, albeit on a much larger scale. Purple heather blooms, and tufts of moorland grass, bleached at the tips, wave in the slight breeze. Alpacas graze alongside sheep, and are accompanied by shepherds holding large crooks.,It’s easy to indulge the fantasy of being lost in time and space, of being back in a purely agricultural society. When we give an eight-year-old shepherdess some fresh fruit, she tells us her name is Vanessa. To me, the highlands seem like a great place for meditation, but I can’t imagine any children I know being content to be so alone with the sky, the mountain spirits and the beasts. I wonder what Vanessa thinks of all day long as she watches the herd.,The view is spectacular; you only have to turn a few degrees to see a different panorama. The air is so clear that you can see for miles to distant peaks, and the gently moving clouds throw shadows on the mountains as though trying out different garments.,The ancestors of the indigenous people here buried their dead high in the mountains, in caves on inaccessible peaks. They believed that the dead would be closer to the spirit of the mountain that way. Families used to visit the graves once a year, bearing food and gifts.,We bring gifts to the living, handing out chalk, pens, flashlights, candy, fruit and sunscreen to kids who have few material goods. In return, they pose for photographs. The cute little girls know that if they clutch a lamb and gaze winsomely at us, we’ll surely take their photograph and give them a few coins. Even if they have never heard of Little Bo Peep, the pose of shepherdess comes naturally to them. They hug the lambs and cradle them as though they were dolls.,On the way down the mountain, our tour guide stops at a shepherd’s compound, which consists of two one-room dwellings linked by a fireplace and surrounded by a wall. The living quarters are low, small, and dark: One for his daughter and her family and one for him, his wife and two boys. The homes are built of dried mud blocks. They remind me of the wattle-and-daub cottages of medieval England.,The only light is from a strip of llama skin that has been coated in tallow, like the wick of a giant candle, dangling from the ceiling. One side of the hut is taken up with a bed in which the family sleeps. The other has a loom, and pieces of fabric and rugs made from llama wool, which the shepherd works on while there is light. His wife’s communion and bridal shawl hangs there on the wall, a finely embroidered piece that looks incongruous in this smoky setting. The shepherd has also hung up his daughter’s school certificates; it’s the family parlor, with treasures on display.,After the shepherd has demonstrated his deadly accuracy with a slingshot and a rock that could kill a person as well as marauding pumas, he offers us a snack, a wheel of creamy llama cheese looks like Brie but has a chalky texture. This is accompanied by homegrown potatoes, small and knobbly, from the rocky ground. If there’s one thing Peru does well, it’s potatoes — there are hundreds of varieties.,After the repast, the shepherd, who is also a shaman, offers us some gray clay that’s supposed to help with digestion, and then prepares a New Year’s Eve spell for us. He burns herbs and ground powders in a handmade bowl and makes sure we each inhale the fragrance and immerse ourselves in the smoke. He asks where we’re from, and sends blessings bouncing back to Tennessee for my husband and me, Lima for our son, and Scotland for our daughter.,I buy a rug from the shaman-shepherd; it reminds me of the ones my grandmother used to make. My new llama rug is beige, brown, and black,  the natural colors of the llamas, and it won’t go with my color scheme. Yet, it means more to me than mass-produced ones, since I know that  this shepherd has clipped the wool (which is done only every two years), spun it and woven it into a rug. It retains the smoky smell of his  house.,The view from the man’s mountain hut is as fine as anywhere in Peru. The concept that the dead are looking down on us not from an intangible  heaven, but from a cave in the mountains, is an idea that I like; it makes me feel very close to my late father and grandmother. It’s a fitting end  to an old year, and a perfect welcoming of all that is to come in the New Year.,Sintra is Portugal’s fairytale land. Read one traveler’s experience of exploring this beautiful destination.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Sintra is Portugal’s fairy tale land—a perfect little picturesque town in the mountains situated within the greater Lisbon region, about half an hour from Lisbon by car or 50 minutes by train. Even Lord Byron described Sintra as a “glorious Eden.”,We—my wife, Nataliya, daughter, Nicole, and son, Alex—arrived by train from Rossio Station in Lisbon’s Bario Alto, using the Rossio-Sintra route for only a few euros a ticket each way.,The town of Sintra, and especially the castles within it as you go higher up, are cloaked in mist and clouds. When it’s clear skies, sunny and hot in Lisbon, it’s cloud-spotted, breezy and cool in Sintra.,A short walk from Sintra’s train station and you’re in the old town area, complete with shops, cafes, and restaurants—not to mention the first of the palaces we saw: the National Palace of Sintra. But we decided to come back to this palace on our way out.,We usually like to save the best for last, but in Sintra, we decided that going right to the top—and taking in the exquisite Pena Palace before it began getting overcrowded—was the best move. It’s worth noting that this was not our first trip to Sintra, so we had a feel for the lay (or rise) of the land.
“Should we walk?” Alex asked as we looked above us.,“We can walk down,” I said. “But we definitely don’t want to walk up. We’re only here for a day.”
So, what is the best way to ascend to Pena Palace? Most cars and most busses are not permitted to drive on the winding roads leading to Pena Palace—only authorized vehicles with permits—so you have two options: walk, or hire a little vehicle or an authorized bus to take you up.,With four of us, it was actually more cost effective to hire a private driver in a little buggy than it was to hop on a bus. Zipping around the hilly mountainside roads in a four-seated vehicle reminiscent of a dune buggy was a fun way to travel, and our driver entertained us with frequent stops and commentary on the way up.,Along the way we got a nice tour of several other mansions and mini-palaces, including one that was featured in a Johnny Depp film (The Ninth Gate).,“From what I can remember,” the driver cracked as though part of a regular routine with American passengers, “this view is more entertaining than watching the film.”,We arrived at Pena Palace around 9:30 a.m. and only waited five minutes in line. (When we left about two hours later, the line had increased tenfold.),Pena Palace tops the highest peaks of the Serra de Sintra (or the Sintra Mountains). The Palace was the dream home of Dom Fernando II, the “artist King” of Portugal, husband of Queen Maria II and cousin to Prince Albert. Fernando began construction on the extravagant storybook palace in 1869. Construction concluded in 1885—the year of his death.,The grand yellow domed tower is home to the last king of Portugal’s bedroom, Manuel II. His portrait hangs above the room’s fireplace. But the best view of this tower is from the outside.,In fact, the most impressive views of Pena Palace are actually from the outside—from the front entrance, courtyards, walk-around balconies, and the area before and behind the castle that are only accessible after you enter. That said, a tour of the well-preserved interior is definitely worthwhile.,Inside, the castle is filled with oddities from around the world and mixes eclectic styles, including neo-gothic, neo-Manueline, neo-Islamic, neo-renaissance, and arabesque styles.,Even inside the palace, some of the best views are looking out of the tower and corridor windows at the spectacular scenery of Sintra: the surrounding gardens, the other palaces below, including the Morish fortress ruins. Undoubtedly, the ideal view is one of the main reasons the king wanted to build his dream house in this location.,Back outside, an entrance arch is studded with turrets, leading to connected sections of the palace painted yellow, red, and blue. When I looked up at the clock tower for the time, I half expected to see an imprisoned maiden let down her golden hair.,The mountainside palace is surrounded by a large park with trees, bushes, flowers. After our tour of Pena Palace, inside and out, we entered that garden.,From Pena Palace, we went into the trails in the palace garden and headed for the remains of the Moorish Castle from the 10th century, about 10 minutes away, which snake over the top of the Serra.
From the remnants of the castle walls, you can see Pena Palace on the nearby peak from another perspective.,What in some places may be the main attraction seemed more like a distraction in a place like Sintra, so after about fifteen minutes of exploring the ruins, overview, and landscape, we walked back into the wooded mountainside and descended the trail headed back down to town.,“This is like a regular nature hike back home,” Nicole said.,“Only a lot more scenic,” Nataliya added. Every few minutes along the wooded hike, we would come to a clearing that allowed breathtaking views of the palace above or the town below—the mountain and greenery in between.,Descending through the wooded garden, another pleasant half hour stroll brought us into lower Sintra, where another palace awaited.,The National Palace of Sintra dates back to the 14the century, built by Joao I on a site once occupied by the Moors. The most striking feature of the palace: the two conical chimneys rising high above the palace like the towers you might expect to see emerging from a castle.,Wide and heavy at the bottom, narrower at the top, the white chimneys were a sight to see. Aside from this distinct feature, the palace seemed unremarkable after Pena, with a plain gothic façade.,Inside Sintra Palace, the most interesting feature was the large kitchens beneath the enormous chimneys, which opened wide into large fireplaces for cooking royal banquets.,Sintra’s National Palace is certainly worth a visit and is filled with tiled rooms, original furnishings, and antique household items—but if you only have time for one palace in Sintra, ride the rising cream to the top and visit Pena.,The nearby Quinta da Regaleira is a palace built between 1904 and 1910. Its gardens feature occult symbols and religious references, some of which are a mystery—statuary and stone benches carved with animals. The palace’s façade is graced by gargoyles, capitals, pinnacles, and an octagon tower.,The “initiation well,” an 88-foot deep “well” (never actually used for water) was built for ceremonial purposes and includes a winding spiral staircase of stone, featuring columns along the way and nine landings.,Each of the nine landings is separated by 15 steps, representing Dante’s nine circles of hell, nine sections of purgatory, and nine skies of paradise.,The floor at the well’s bottom is a mosaic compass in the form of a Knights Templar Cross—and legend has it that it was a coat of arms.,There are multiple paths, and which path you take is supposed to determine your fate. The well leads to an underground labyrinth. These tunnels connect the grottoes, chapel, waterfall lake, and Leda’s Cave beneath the tower. The Initiation Well connects to other tunnels.,A second well, known as the “unfinished well,” connects a series of ring-shaped floors, similar to the Pozzo di S. Patrizio in Italy—a likely inspiration.,“This feels like a scene from Pan’s Labyrinth,” Alex said as we walked in the shadows of the well’s under-garden passages.,“Or a setting for one of your Clive Allen thrillers.” Nataliya said what I’d been thinking.,Adding to the mystery of this unusual home: It was owned by a Japanese company for 10 years and shut up, until the Sintra government purchased it, renovated, and opened to tourism.,One wonders what may have happened during those 10 years, and what interest the Japanese company had with it. What might they have found within the grounds—and what might still be waiting to be discovered.,Whether traveling by train, bus, or automobile, you’re likely to start and end your time in Sintra in the old town. On our way back to the train station, we stopped for a bite to eat—pork, fish, and beef—followed by some Sintra-centric pastries, including their version of an egg custard and a sort of almond and chocolate cookie.,Old Town Sintra’s cafes, restaurants, and shops provide a nice gateway into and out of the city. We visited several shops and found both a local artist painting decorative tiles by hand, and a shop selling old ceramic tiles that came directly from some of Sintra’s oldest buildings. Selling these authentic pieces of history in order to restore historic buildings with fresh tiles seemed like a worthy cause.,We took one last look up at the top of the mountain—Pena Palace looking down on us with a red, blu-gray, yellow glow—and boarded our train back to Lisbon.,Most people visiting Sintra are already on a visit Lisbon. If you’re coming especially for Sintra, you’ll still want to fly into Lisbon, make your way to Rossio Station, and take the Rossio-Sintra line to Old Town Sintra.,Most people make a day-trip out of Sintra and have accommodations in Lisbon. However, it is easy to find guest rooms, suites, and accommodations in Sintra. Two great sources for finding places are Booking.com and Airbnb.com.,Vehicles are a commodity in Sintra. Everything is within walking distance. Traveler’s Tip: take an authorized vehicle up to Pena Palace—the highest point—and walk slowly down. It’s a lot easier than starting at the bottom and walking up.,Plan even more fun by booking some unique Sintra adventures and expert-led tours through Bookmundi. Find more information and vacation packages here.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Eric D. Goodman is author of six books, the latest being Wrecks and Ruins, set in Baltimore and Lithuania. His Thriller, The Color of Jadeite is set in China. Learn more about Eric and his writing at www.EricDGoodman.com,Erik the Red had the right idea when choosing Iceland as his new home long ago. Today, Iceland has the same appeal.,I first made the acquaintance of Erik the Red in the fourth grade. I was intrigued by this 10th century Viking who left the country of his birth (Norway), settled in another (Iceland), then exiled and re-settled in yet a third country (Greenland). Of course, at nine years old and in a far gentler time, we were not told that Erik the Red was not the most savory of characters. He was actually expelled from Iceland for murder. And the adjective “red” following his name could equally have referred to the color of his hair and beard, or the blood on his hands.,I was fascinated by Erik, but surprised to learn that his son, Leif Erikson, may have been the first person to “discover” America in 1000 A.D. ― a good 492 years before Christopher Columbus, which I regarded as heresy at the time.,Iceland is perhaps one of the most beautiful countries on earth: a spectacular paradise of hot springs, glaciers, mountains, waterfalls, lakes and volcanoes. Its beautiful scenery is why most people venture to its shores. I too, came for the beauty, but I did not forget my childhood hero, Erik and his son Leif.,What is left of Erik’s home is located in the idyllic Haukadalur Valley in the western part of Iceland, about 120 miles (193 km) north of the capital city of Reykjavik. Archaeologists who excavated the site in the late 1990’s believe this is where Erik lived and where Leif was born.,The site sits high on a hillside overlooking the valley with a small waterfall close by. There is the foundation of a longhouse fairly typical of the Viking period with a rectangular area approximately 13 by 39 feet (4 by 12 m) divided into several sections serving different functions. Around a central hearth, there was an area for cooking, living and sleeping, with another smaller section to one side that served as a kitchen, and a third area on the opposite side for the storage of farm implements.,It would take a fairly vivid imagination to picture the house as it must have looked a thousand years ago, but fortunately a replica was constructed four years ago and stands only a few steps away from where the actual longhouse stood. The replica longhouse has a dirt floor, turf walls and turf roof. In the central area surrounding the hearth are beds for the entire family, as well as for the slaves. A ladder leads to a loft where the children of slaves slept.,Guides dressed as Vikings describe the troublesome personality of Erik the Red. They also give visitors an idea of what it was like to live in the 10th century, in what was then a newly settled and remote land. A Norwegian, Ingolfur Arnarson, first took up residence in Iceland in 874 A.D., merely a century before Erik the Red would have built his house in the Haukadalur Valley.,Outside the reconstructed longhouse stands a statue of Leif Erikson with a faraway look in his eye ― probably dreaming of new lands to discover. Leif eventually sailed to the North American continent, reaching Baffin Island, Labrador and a place he called Vinland, as yet unidentified.,Having finally visited the Icelandic home of Erik and Leif, it was on to Thingvellir ― the most important historical site in Iceland.,Located 26 miles (42 km) northeast of Reykjavik, it was here at Thingvellir in 930 A.D., that Iceland’s chieftains began meeting for two weeks each summer in an assembly or parliament called theAlthing.,At each year’s Althing, they settled disputes, traded and socialized. These annual assemblies lasted for 868 years, finally replaced in 1800 by the Parliament in Reykjavik.,Visitors come to Thingvellir more for the spirit of the place than for the sights, although there are remnants of budir, roofed camps once used as meeting places and places of business during the assemblies; pools where women accused of witchcraft were drowned (men were beheaded); and the supposed site of the Lögberg (Law Rock), where Iceland’s laws were recited aloud by a lawspeaker.,The site itself is physically striking. Visitors walk along a high cliff at the very edge of a great geological rift where the North American continental plate is gradually separating from the Eurasian plate. Far below sits the site of the Althing beside the Öxara River.,After leaving Thingvellir, there were two other archeological sites I wanted to visit. Although 300 years apart in time, these two sites are historically connected.,The first, located at Borgarnes, 40 miles (64 km) north of Reykjavik, is the 10th century burial mound of one of Iceland’s earliest settlers, Skallagrimur Kveldulfsson. In true Viking-style, his horse and his weapons are buried with him. Skallagrimur was the father of Egill Skallagrimsson, who is the hero of one of Iceland’s greatest folk tales, “Egill’s Saga.” Egill was a Viking adventurer who traveled to Norway and England and engaged in a continuing conflict with King Eric Bloodaxe of Norway.,This connected nicely with the second site at Reykholt, 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Borgarnes. Snorri Sturluson, one of Iceland’s most famous writers and historians, lived in Reykholt in the late 12th to early 13th centuries. Snorri, who counted Egill as one of his ancestors, is credited with writing Egill’s Saga. Snorri was murdered in 1241, on the orders of the Norwegian king, for reneging on a deal. The only thing left of what was once Snorri’s farm is a large circular pool fed by a hot spring, where Snorri must have relaxed many a time 800 years ago.,Besides its 1,100-year-long history, Iceland offers natural, mind-boggling beauty in abundance. In the words of my husband Paul, “My eyes are full.” We spent two weeks touring Iceland and visited at least 30 scenic spots. Here are some of my favorite “don’t miss” places.,The Blue Lagoon (yes, it really is blue) close to Reykjavik’s International Airport is guaranteed for a unique experience of soaking in a huge, warm “hot pot” in a setting of black lava. The Vatnajökull glacier located on the southeastern shore of the island approximately 280 miles (450 km) east of Reykjavik, is the largest in Europe, approximately 3200 square miles (8287 km²) ― roughly 160 miles (257 km) by 160 miles (257 km) ― where visitors can walk up to the edge of one of the many glacial arms. Gullfoss, located an hour and a half east of Reykjavik, and Godafoss, approximately 47 miles (75 km) east of Akureyri, northern Iceland’s largest city, are two of the most impressive waterfalls in a land full of waterfalls.,While in Northern Iceland, check out the placid, duck-filled expanse of Lake Myvatn, situated 57 miles (91 km) east of Akureyri. Visitors of the lake can observe the 18 species inhabiting the area, including harlequin, old squaw, scoter, and tiny, black, annoying flies. A gauze netting over the face will keep them at bay.,Just 50 miles (80 km) east of the lake is the surreal collection of twisted lava towers of Dimmuborgir. If venturing back south, Strokkergeyser, just east of Gulfoss, is a sight to see. It erupts every few minutes, spouting 90 feet (27 m) into the air. This is only a sampling of what Iceland has on tap.,And do not miss Iceland’s sophisticated capital Reykjavik, which is full of good restaurants and intimate cafés. A few of our favorite activities: strolling around the Old Town, examining the ancient saga manuscripts at the Culture House, and viewing the Erró exhibit at the Hafnarhusix Museum. Pop Artist Erró ( Gudmundur Gudmundsson) was born in 1932 and is one of Iceland’s best-known modern artists.,We also listened to an organ recital in the ultra modern Hallgrimskirkja church, visited the modern art exhibit in the National Gallery of Iceland, meandered among the superb sculptures in the garden of the Einar Jonsson Museum and stopped at each and every café along Laugavegur, Reykjavik’s main shopping street.,Reykjavik offers an intimate setting, a range of things to do, and a bustling atmosphere, plus all-around-you beauty spots just outside the city limits. Add a touch of history ― the ancient Parliament site or Erik the Red’s home ― and you’ve got the recipe for a great holiday.,If You Go,Icelandic Tourist Board,www.icetourist.is,Iceland Tourist Board North America,www.icelandtouristboard.com, ,An Italian-American travels to Venice, exploring its labyrinthine back-alleys and hidden treasures, delving deep into the country’s very soul.,I was in Venice, Italy and running 20 minutes late when I found my fellow bacari crawlers. I was impressed by the number of people—Italians and “stranieri” alike—gathered in the square, conversing, laughing, and gesticulating. I adore the gesticulating Italians in Venice.,They are easily the world’s greatest hand communicators. That’s not to say they are not capable of expressions, on the contrary, they are also adept at facial communication. I am surprised that nobody has deciphered them all and written a book about these unique forms of conveying myriad thoughts and emotions. Perhaps I will.,Many couples, young and old, were holding hands and kissing and stroking each other adoringly. Giordano, Clara, Michael and Katherine were talking amongst themselves when I approached them.,“I can’t believe I found you,” I said.,“I told you it would be easy,” Giordano replied.,I looked at him incredulously. “It’s hard to get lost in Venice,” he added, believing wholeheartedly what he had just said.,“As long as you can find the Grand Canal, you’ll always be fine,” Clara said in agreement with her boyfriend.,“It’s like a great big maze out here, and we are all little mice attempting to find the center and a treat, in this case little Venetian edibles,” I said honestly.,Giordano, Michael and Katherine are architects. Clara runs the day-to-day operation of the B&B. We hit it off immediately and agreed that the eating and drinking together should begin as soon as possible. Giordano, a bit of a Venice historian, led the way.,As we walked, I could hear the dulcet sounds of Vivaldi, then Albinoni and I immediately felt at home.  I love Venetian music. After all, it was a Venetian, Claudio Monteverdi, who invented the modern opera and orchestra. Vivaldi never fails to uplift me. Albinoni’s music relaxes and enchants me.,“I’m really here,” I said quietly to myself, still not fully comprehending that I had at long last realized my dream to visit Venice. I wanted to pinch myself but refrained. I had heard the same music back home but now, to be in the composers’ birthplace, to listen to their music, where it was created during the wonderful Baroque, I was nothing short of enraptured.,The Venetians are mighty proud of their musical heritage, despite the fact that in Piazza San Marco, Viennese waltzes are often heard. That’s Venice pandering to the tourists, something at which she excels.,We walked to a destination known only to Giordano and Clara. We passed countless restaurants, trattorie, osterie, enotechi, etc., as we ambled through the dimly lit, narrow back alleys of Venice. I wondered what it must have been like before the advent of electricity. There must have been very little visibility, as it was difficult to navigate as it was.,That didn’t deter the masses from coming out and partaking in the evening’s passeggiata (the stroll that Italians take before and/or after eating dinner). It wasn’t going to stop me, either, as I was determined to actualize my goal and have something uniquely delicious about which to write.,At last, we found ourselves standing at a counter in a cozy little pub-like bacaro, Antico Dolo.,“This is our first stop,” Giordano informed us. “This is a very popular bacaro. I come here all the time.” ,We approached the counter. I covetously eyed the generous array of Cicchetti on display—some recognizable, others utterly foreign—and had to struggle to keep from salivating.,“This is one of my favorites,” Giordano said as he perused the plates of little bites before him. “You must try the baccala mantecato,” he urged excitedly. “It is fantastic.”,I had read about this dish, which is salt-cod whipped with a little olive oil, milk and a hint of garlic.,“Here they spread it on little polenta squares,” he added. Then, he ordered for us.,My stomach continued growling in both anticipation of what was to come and to protest that it had been shunned for too long. Katherine and Michael were unfamiliar with the bacari concept, so I explained it to them.,“The Venetians have been partaking in this little ritual for a long time now. They will stop at various pubs and wine bars and snack and drink.,“They do this both during the day and at night.”,They seemed very interested, so I continued. “Nobody really knows when or how it initially started, but legend has it that some time ago, wine sellers in Piazza San Marco would move their wine carts into the shade as the sun made its way across the Venetian sky; that is, when the sun was out. The Venetian word for shade is “ombra,” and this word ultimately came to mean a drink of wine, particularly Prosecco, which is produced only in the Veneto region.” ,“Oh, we’ve tried Prosecco back in Australia,” Katherine interjected, “and we really like it.” ,I nodded in agreement. “That’s what they love to drink here,” I said. “I drink it all the time back in the States.”,The place was quickly filling up and, because it was getting a bit stuffy inside, we decided to move the party outside. Giordano soon emerged with a plateful of the night’s first cicchetto.,He extended the plate to each of us. “Now the Prosecco,” he said, and he and Michael reentered the bacaro to get the sparkling wine, which I had come to love back home, long before my departure to Venezia.,I took a nibble of my baccala mantecato cicchetto and was surprised at how mellow and balanced the flavors were, not to mention how surprisingly “un-fishy.” I would liken it to the whipped whitefish I used to buy at the Jewish delicatessens in New York City but slightly Italianized what with the olive oil and garlic. Instead of smearing it on a bagel or bialy, however, they spread it on crostini and other edible plates.,Now, it was time for the wine tasting in Italy.,The Prosecco was seductively soft and bubbly, not nearly as assertive as Champagne and superior to anything I had sampled in the States. The cacophony that night—foreign babble, laughter, popping corks, Bangladeshi men selling roses—was reminiscent of a New Year’s celebration: pure and unmitigated revelry, and I was more content than I had been in a long time.,My fellow merrymakers were all extremely interesting, warm, and generous with their smiles and good cheer. We bonded immediately, continued raising our glasses, saying “cin, cin” in unison each time, hoping the evening would last for a blissful eternity.,Get stocked up on your favorite Italian wines before you go to Venice through Wine.com. Chat with wine experts about your preferences and regions from around the world to try and have them curate the perfect selection for you. Check out the Italian selection here and get the bottles delivered to your door!,We all agreed that the baccala mantecato was fantastically delicious and that we should move on quickly to the next bacaro to sample some more Venetian delights.,Onward we walked, through the narrowest streets I had ever seen. Our destination was Cantina Do Mori where we enjoyed sarde in saor, a quintessentially Venetian delicacy: fried sardines marinated with olive oil, vinegar, onions, raisins and pine nuts.,“Absolutely authentic,” Giordano assured me. “And molto buonissimo!” he added as we followed him into the bacaro. When I had first read about this combination of sweet, sour and savory flavors, I was certain I would find it unpalatable, if not downright disgusting.,I was terribly mistaken. The odd combination of ingredients worked exceptionally well together—the fish was tender, flaky and mildly sweet, not at all overpowered by any single ingredient. It was unlike any fish I had ever tasted: delicate and subtle and delectable. At one point, Giordano inspected my plate and asked, “Don’t you like it?”—probably because, unlike him, I had dared to leave a few slivers of fish uneaten.,“Yes, I like it very much,” I replied, then quickly and dutifully devoured the few scraps that remained on my plate.,“Bravo,” he praised. “You want some more?” he asked, smiling widely.,I was tempted but opted to try something else, knowing the selection from which to choose was great indeed. More cicchetti came our way: delicious, succulent meatballs made from mortadella, ham, eggs, cheese, rolled in breadcrumbs and deep-fried; tramezzini (sandwiches) stuffed with a huge variety of savory fillings, from salami, to prosciutto, to more exotic combinations that cause me to salivate even as I write this.,We washed it down with more of my beloved Prosecco. “Cin, cin!”  The Prosecco, I cannot emphasize enough, is remarkably light and subtle and tasty—it doesn’t take any attention away from that which is being eaten with it. It is a perfectly refreshing, enhancing, well-behaved wine. It is only a matter of time until it catches on around the world.,All the wonderful little bites and great wine and high spirits and mutual fondness between the party that night notwithstanding, I must confess that, because the dollar cannot hold its own against the Euro, this feast was far from inexpensive.,The comestibles, to be sure, were not at all cheap; the wine, on the other hand, was most reasonable: about $1.50 per glass. But it was all worth it considering the sheer satisfaction they provided as they filled the void in my stomach.,As time passed, the more crowded and impassable the streets became. I felt as though I were walking down the busiest street in Tokyo, sans the blindingly bright neon signs, omnipresent pachinko parlors, and the occasional beautifully clad geisha. It was exhilarating. One big Venetian party with new friends and strangers and good food and drink.,We pushed on this time, we found ourselves at an extremely popular bacaro named “Vivaldi.”  Surprisingly, I did not hear the Four Seasons or the Mandolin Concerto, but incessant talk and laughter and toasts to life, friends, good food and drink and, of course, Venice herself.,There was no room to either sit or stand inside, so we ordered our cicchetti, the wine, and reentered the night and the symphony of foreign chatter. We stood outside the bacaro and snacked and toasted, laughed and admired the motley parade ambling by us: a constant flow of humanity all eager to satisfy prodigious hunger of both the stomach and the heart.,This was romantic Italy, after all, and love and affection and adoration were saturating the already balmy night. Ah, bella, romantica Italia, I said inwardly, fully contented and relishing every moment of the night, all my senses satisfied—yes, by this time, I had grown to appreciate even the stench in the air.,Vivaldi is best known for its fish, particularly the deep-fried variety, which I found uncommonly delicious and nearly devoid of grease: shrimp, calamari, scallops, white-bait—it was all served up piping hot, crispy, fresh, not to mention perfectly cooked. The seafood was prepared to just the right point of doneness—no rubbery calamari or stiff, inedible shrimp at this place; just a heavenly array of fruits of the Venetian lagoon and the Adriatic, “frutti di mare,” as Italians rather like to refer to a medley of seafood.,Briefly, my memory was transported to Japan once again and the bountiful seafood that is available there. Only in Japan, I rather doubt one can find a bottle of Prosecco to complement the food.,At any rate, I was in Venice, and that is precisely where I wanted to be at the moment—no, for the next six months—and I couldn’t have been more satisfied.,“This is delicious,” I said as I munched on baby calamari. “How do they make it so good?” I asked.,Giordano looked at me and smiled his signature smile. “We are Venetians and we are all married to the sea. We have been since Venice was founded. We know how to cook the seafood.” ,We all laughed. “You Venetians are proud of your culture and history, aren’t you?” I asked, already knowing the answer. Everyone chuckled—a slightly alcoholized chuckle—and looked at Giordano, who reminded me of a college professor with his spectacles and intelligent eyes.,“Why shouldn’t we be?” he replied. “We have a long, rich history. We were the richest, most enterprising and powerful republic in Europe for centuries. People who come here don’t realize this.”,I agreed.,“They come here and see San Marco and Palazzo Ducale and often that is all,” he said with a bit of regret and sadness in his voice. “There’s much for you to see here, the art, the churches, the Jewish ghetto,” he said, “and there is so much here that is unique to Venice. What other city rises from the water like our Venice? Venice is an architectural feast for the eyes.” ,“Cin, cin,” I said and raised my glass. I thought about it for a moment. I knew and shared his sentiment, even though this was my inaugural visit to the city. The average tourist knows very little about the history of this most singular city.,It isn’t merely a Disneyland, and there is much more to see than the predictable. Many tourists don’t venture beyond Piazza San Marco, and that is a colossal pity, for if they did, they would be pleasantly surprised by the many sights and spectacles.,It was time to move on to our next destination and more—thank God—cicchetti and Prosecco.,Do Spade specializes in the triangular sandwiches called tramezzini, which I mentioned earlier, stuffed with a surprising variety of fillings: culatello (similar to salami but fattier and far superior), prosciutto, mortadella, baccala mantecato, ham and olive tapenade, and many others. We feasted with gusto.,The Prosecco went down like juice. I am not ashamed to admit that at this point we were all a tad happy by virtue of the several glasses of wine we had each imbibed, and, despite the feasting, I was still hungry. You mustn’t forget that we had done a bit of walking during our bacari crawl and quickly burned the calories incorporated at each bacaro.,The tramezzini were out of this world. Nothing even remotely resembling the sandwiches I had grown accustomed to growing up in Chicago. The Italians, like the French, have an uncanny ability to turn the simplest ingredients into culinary art that tickles the tummy and leaves you wanting more.,I particularly enjoyed the prosciutto crostini, despite the fact that the prosciutto hailed from Parma, and the crostini are merely toasted bread rounds.,Perhaps it was the magical atmosphere, or the alcohol, or the great company I was keeping. All I know is: Italian food tastes better in Italy. The spaghetti with tomato and basil—the simplest sauce to be enjoyed—is elevated to new heights in Italy. The pizza is remarkable. The coffee beverages are to die for. Every meal is a veritable feast.,I was getting a little tired and my feet were beginning to protest; it was only a matter of time until they could tread no more. I could sense the forthcoming crescendo as the minutes ticked away and the crowd swelled.,We walked through the streets, literally rubbing elbows—and other body parts—with other merrymakers, all of whom were enjoying themselves as much as we were. We talked to several people, Italians and foreigners, doing our best to communicate.,With the Italians who didn’t speak much English, we communicated by using simple verbs, failing to conjugate as we knew not how. But it worked well nonetheless. Mangiare (to eat), bere (to drink):  These were far and away the most important verbs to know on this night.,We continued our culinary adventure, stopping at several other bacari, where we sampled more of the delicacies that La Serenissima is gracious enough to offer her devoted residents and longer-than-one-day tourists, who aren’t afraid to venture beyond the predictable and into the bowels of this fair city, get lost, meet interesting, fun-loving people and, in the end, make Bacchus proud.,This was part of our mission, after all, and we didn’t dare disappoint.,Author Bio: Robert Damien Santagata is a Chicago-based writer who has a penchant for travel, food and Renaissance art. He is the author of the newly released travel/food narrative titled: “The Paradise of Exiles,” now available as both a paperback and e-pub on Amazon.com. He hopes you enjoy the journey. ,Ready to navigate the historic channels of Venice, Italy? Find your best flight deals and ground transportation packages here through Kiwi. Then, get extra prepared with knowledge on the best restaurants for your tastes, hotel or VRBO options, favorite local shops and more through Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Make your trip unforgettable by booking a couple of tours through GetYourGuide. The trusted source has activities for everyone from the Murano, Burano and Torcello Boat Trip to the Doge’s Palace & St Mark’s Basilica Fast-Track Tour. Secure your dates here now and cancel anytime up to 24-hours before the event for a full refund.,Make your dream of becoming a world traveler while you work a reality, even after COVID-related travel issues. Here’s how to become a digital nomad today.,During the past year and a half, it sometimes seemed that the digital nomad dream was over. However, with more tools available for remote work than ever before, a successful traveling career is back on the cards.,With services like Wix providing attractive and highly functional blog templates, all you need to do is live the experiences. Then, share them with the world as you seek the next adventure.,It is easy to get caught up wishing that things could go back to the way they were. In 2019, there seemed to be no reason to ever stop traveling the world.,Those of us who have made it our lives barely even considered taking a break. And then COVID-19 came along and changed everything. There were much bigger things than a travel ban to worry about.,Our bubble has been punctured. We no longer have the luxury of thinking of travel as a given. That does not, however, mean that our digital nomad lives have to end. On the contrary, with the context of the pandemic to guide us, we can choose a sustainable lifestyle and work and travel.,Are you looking to become a digital nomad in a post-COVID world? Here’s what you need to know.,Does the world really need another travel blog? In a post-pandemic world, the answer is a resounding yes! It may seem strange to hear this advice on a long-running travel blog. We’re technically encouraging you to compete with us.,But that’s not quite accurate. Something we have learned from the pandemic is that personal experience is particularly handy. If you are looking to take your first international trip since the pandemic started, you will benefit most from a blog written by someone who has recently made the same trip.,In other words, while some of the best travel blogs provide a wealth of general information and stories, other blogs are far more niche. You can write about your particular experiences, which will inform the decisions made by many people who want to take a similar route.,It is also incredibly easy to start a travel blog in 2021, with various website builders providing all the tools you need. Experience with web development or design is unnecessary when creating an attractive and unique blog. There are tons of themes to choose from, all of which can be customized.,Before the pandemic, there were many travelers who would hop from one country to another every couple of weeks. Eventually, that may be possible once again, but for now, you should plan lengthy stays in each destination. Spend a couple of months rather than weeks, getting to know a place really well, immersing yourself in the culture.,This is also what people are looking for in travel blogs today. There are plenty of blogs that provide guides to different cities and countries with helpful information and interesting stories. You will serve a much greater purpose by giving an in-depth look at life for a tourist in a city post-COVID.,You will also benefit from taking it slowly. While you may have enjoyed a nomad life before the pandemic, getting used to traveling again may take a while. You’ll experience less stress when getting back into the lifestyle of constant movement.,The whole world is opening back up again. However, not every destination is as easy to get in and out of. Many countries which are still struggling to contain the pandemic and distribute vaccinations may well welcome you in without any issues. But then, when you want to move on to the next place, you may find yourself red-listed.,This isn’t necessarily a train smash. After all, there will be other countries happy to let you in, and even those that make it difficult will allow you in if you spend time in quarantine. But that’s not the lifestyle you are looking for. What we want as digital nomads is the ability to move freely. The pandemic has limited that freedom, but we are getting it back.,Of course, this does mean that some of the most exciting regions remain off-limits for the next few months. Southeast Asia, India, South Africa, and many beautiful countries are red-listed in Europe and North America. Countries like Australia are still strictly controlling who enters and leaves.,But when settling back into this lifestyle, the less stress the better. You don’t want to find yourself burnt out by this time next year simply because of logistics issues or weeks spent in quarantine hotels.,Becoming a digital nomad after the pandemic is going to be slightly trickier than it was before. However, there is still plenty of room for new travel blogs, as well as many countries which you can travel to without being restricted by the lingering impacts of the pandemic.,Hop on board for a unique ride through the Cambodian Jungle.,Deep in the Cambodian jungle I was rewarded with the kind of experience only those who wander far afield can find. Locals call it the Norry Train, but to everyone else it is the Bamboo Train, and it is great and simple fun.,During the second half of the 19th century, Cambodia was a part of French Indochina and the French colonists dotted its rainforests with plantations. They grew coffee and banana, among other things, and needed a way to transport this produce from jungle to market. So they built a small-gauge railroad complete with miniature steam engine specifically for this task.,Judging by the size of the tracks, I figure the train must have been akin to today’s amusement-park rides, but in its day it got the job done.,The little train chugged along for half a century until the self-proclaimed communist organization Khmer Rouge came to power in 1975. In their attempt to create an agrarian society, anyone with an education or anything that provided information or even transportation was the enemy.,This included the little jungle train. They destroyed the engine, but left the rails intact, thinking them worthless without the train itself. Years went by and the jungle claimed the tracks for its own.,Today, nearly three decades after the fall of the Khmer Rouge in 1979, Cambodia is desperately poor and in need of any and all modes of transport. Most of its roads are dirt. The local jungle people always knew of the train tracks, and gradually began to clear the undergrowth and land mines that had saturated the area.,The tracks run for about 200 miles (320 km) through the heart of the country, and make a perfect little highway for those smart enough to make it operational. I learned about the train from a guide I hired in Phnom Penh. He had only ridden it once before, since doing so is considered a luxury among many of the local poor.,There are no actual stations or stopping points, but rather, a series of gathering points that the jungle people use; places where they come together to socialize and barter goods. This is also where they board the train.,With no steam engine available, locals collected old axles left from military vehicles, of which there was an abundance strewn through out the countryside. They cut and sized them to fit the tracks, added a wooden platform with a woven bamboo matting for comfort — thus the name — and attached a portable, one-horse-power gasoline engine, linking it to the axles by a rubber strip from an old tire.,The axles sit bare on the track, steel on steel. This creates quite a light show of sparks while the train is careening around a bend. If necessity is the mother of invention, this train should be called “Necessity.”,There are dozens of these little vehicles scattered along the tracks. While it is unlikely they were massed produced, they all look similar, so it is believed that they were for the most part constructed in the same area.,Nothing is actually attached to anything else, like with a nut or bolt, but simply piled onto the tracks like an erector set. When I first rode it, I was told by the other passengers to sit perfectly still, for the entire thing is held together by balance and gravity.,This allows for easy assembly and break down. Yet it also leads to the occasional fatality when the entire thing falls apart going 30 miles an hour (48 k/h) in the middle of the jungle.,Since so many of these trains share the same track, when they meet, the one with the smallest load must yield to the larger one. This is done by everyone simply getting off the train, lifting it off the tracks until the larger one passes, then setting it back onto the tracks and proceeding on one’s merry way.,Upon arrival at the final destination, the train is lifted and turned around, ready to return from whence it came. That destination is wherever the passenger decides is the end.,My wife, a friend and I all rode it together just outside of Phnom Pen one hot and humid afternoon. We sat down gingerly, hoping not to upset things before even getting started. In addition to the three of us, there were five local people with assorted pigs, chickens and two motorbikes on board.,All of this was crowded onto a bamboo platform about 4 by 5 feet (1.2 by 1.5 m) in size. We hunkered down in front as the tiny engine strained to push its mighty load.,A minute later we were flying through the jungle, covering our heads with our hands to fend off low branches and palm fronds. I imagine the train might get up to 30 miles per hour on flat stretches, but once it gets going the only way to slow it down is to cut the engine. There are no brakes.,Cattle roam freely in the Cambodian jungle, and we could often see them ahead, crossing the tracks. Fortunately for us, they always cleared the tracks before our arrival. With no brakes, I would not like to encounter one of them at top speed.,Anyone can flag the train down to get on board. They simply have to do so out in the open, where the brakeless train has plenty of room to stop. If they are brave and strong enough, they can assist the train in stopping by grabbing onto something or someone and holding on — I saw it done — but this tends to upset the balance of things.,We whipped over handmade bamboo bridges, over swift-flowing rivers and past chasms that could swallow us whole if our balance should fail at any time. Going around a turn, we could feel the outer edge of the platform begin to rise, and tried to lean into the turns like a motorcycle rider. It is sobering to realize the only thing holding this speeding little train together is one’s own weight.,We rode the train for perhaps 10 miles (16 km), arriving at a tiny little outpost baking in the jungle sun. It was one of countless nameless little villages you find in the jungle.,Dozens of people were milling about waiting their turn to ride back to where we started. There are no regulations regarding weight restrictions, number of luggage pieces or other such ludicrous rules that ruin the fun of travel in the Western world.,On the bamboo train, if it will fit on board, it is welcome. Once we got off, I counted nine people boarding the return run, most of them holding some small critter bound for market. Once I saw a full-grown water buffalo happily onboard, surrounded by five farmers taking him to a field.,The price for a resident to ride the train is whatever one has at hand. A chicken might be good for several rides, and certainly a pig will get you on board for at least a month. We rich Americans were asked to pay US$ 2 each.,That is about a month’s wage for these people, but we paid it happily. Where else could we get such entertainment and support the local economy at the same time?,Before hiring a motorbike to return to Phnom Penh, I asked why the train does not go all the way there. I was told that it is an illegal operation. The government knows the train exists, but chooses to ignore the fact that it does unless forced to face the issue.,Why it is illegal escapes me, and no one could tell me. Perhaps it is because the government does not get its share of the profit, for how could they when the currency is bartered?,Everything in Cambodia has a price. The corrupt lieutenants left over from Pol Pot’s regime still control much of the country, living in baronial splendor like the fat-cat crime lords they are.,Wherever we went we had to pay a fee to use the road or visit the village. Our guide was very up front about all this, saying, “This road costs US$ 1 and that goes to general so and so.”,The Bamboo Train is exempt from this graft, perhaps because it is just not worth the bother. We were told upon leaving never to mention the train to anyone wearing a suit or a badge in town — even in Cambodia they have “Don’t ask, don’t tell.”,If You Go,To get around, the tuk tuk (motorized rickshaw) cannot be beat. They are everywhere, and cost about US$ 1 to take you anywhere. For the budget traveler, if you wish to explore, I recommend you simply hire a tuk-tuk driver at the airport and tell him how much money you want to spend. You will probably be pleasantly surprised with where you end up.,Most room prices are for the room regardless of how many people use it, and you can get clean and neat for about US$ 20 per night.,When you leave,There is an airport departure tax at both the Siem Reap and Phnom Penh airports of US$ 25. If you transit through Vietnam you pay no airport fee. Both airports at Phnom Penh and Siem Reap are clean and modern, with full facilities. Security is on a par with U.S. facilities.,Tourism Cambodia,www.tourismcambodia.com, ,Hear the symphony of the sea and learn a little history while wandering through this small Croatian town on the Adriatic Coast.,Hear the symphony of the sea on the Dalmatian coast.,I had a faint expectation of seeing Dalmatians on the Dalmatian coast. It’s cliché, I know, so I dared not mention it to anyone and certainly not to the woman serving me coffee on Trg Sv.Stosije square in Zadar.,She was courteous and beautiful but with her heavy make-up and teased black hair, she resembled Cruella de Vil from  Disney’s “One Hundred and One Dalmatians” and appeared as though she’d moved from night into morning on just a nap.,Zadar, located on the Adriatic coast of Croatia, is that kind of place. Everyone’s laid back. One might call Zadar staid and sedate if only visited in the daytime.,But with thousands of students and a pleasant, cool sea breeze in the evening, the city really comes alive after 10 p.m.,“Ciao!” I hear an elderly man beckon across the market. The Italian influence is still felt in Dalmatia but especially among the older generation. From 1921 until WWII, most of the Adriatic coast was in Italian hands.,“Dober vecer,” answers another, good evening, before they shake hands.,“Dober vecer” was Ante’s greeting to us, too, when he collected guests for his walking tour. We joined him through the maze of Zadar’s streets.,Zadar is a compact city, with its historic core spread out on a peninsula. Ante tells of WWII bombings and the reconstruction under communism. He admits it’s easy for younger Croats like him to talk about Tito since few really remember what life was like under the dictator of former Yugoslavia, which Zadar was then part of.,However, they’re left with his legacy of lethargy. Tito apparently felt little affinity with Zadar and some say he erected ugly post-war buildings on purpose. To be fair, many European cities have those scars, reflecting a time when planners enforced order by wiping away history’s messiness.,Today, Zadar is anything but a mess. The various layers of its history are cleaned up and distinctly visible. The main Forum square has proud Roman columns, a robust Romanesque church, Renaissance facades and a ’60s office building — the strictness of which is actually a perfect complement to the roundness of Romanesque Saint Donat.,Terrace cafés serving maraschinos, a cherry liqueur produced in Zadar since the 16th century, provide great views onto the assembled architectural treasures. The stones of the monuments are like buttermilk, creamy in color with a translucent sheen.,In the 19th century Zadar became popular with the British upper classes who came to bask in the sunshine and build villas. They also discovered the Dalmatian dog and groomed it to their Kennel Club standards.,Alfred Hitchcock visited often and it’s been claimed that the birds of Zadar inspired his film. There are indeed a lot of seagulls because historic Zadar is surrounded on three sides by water, with a footbridge connecting it to the mainland.,With the exception of the Forum, most of the city’s squares are intimate and enclosed. The creamy paving stones of the narrow streets are a welcome retreat in the heat of the Adriatic sun. A huge defensive wall closes off the northern waterfront facing the mainland.,Often, a line-up of cars waits to embark on the ferries to the many islands. In the last decade the city centre has been restored, including the southern waterfront, which received a special, contemporary upgrading.,The city is a great mixture of historic details, such as the stylized stone pig peeking through the gap between the Cathedral of St. Anastasia and a neighboring palace. If there’s one commercial venture they’ve latched onto in Croatia, it’s selling art to tourists on the streets and in their beautiful old buildings.,Modern art of an entirely different order is Nikola Basic’s landscape art on the seaside promenade. As I approached the end of the promenade I thought I was hearing a CD of New Age music—there were plenty of young students and alternatives to match the assumption.,I then realized it was a non-stop symphony of the sea that never plays the same score twice. By constructing concrete shafts in the paving stones, Basic, along with expert stone carvers, created The Sea Organ, allowing the sea to make music.,The movement of waves beneath the paving and the slither of wind that circulates between water and concrete create windy melodies, similar to a pan flute but deeper in timbre. It is an incredibly impressive and wondrous thing.,Since its completion, the promenade has became the place to sit and hang out, either to swim or to lounge on the steps descending to water level.,I watched the sun set into the hazy blue-green hills of the Adriatic islands while dangling my toes in the water for nearly an hour.,Toward the evening it became increasingly busier with families and tourists and even, just before I left—you’re not going to believe it—a Dalmatian. Owned by an English couple.,If You Go,Croatia Tourism,www.croatia-official.com,Croatian National Tourist Board,www.croatia.hr,Dianna Beaufort is a freelance writer with a background in historic preservation and tourism. She writes on travel, history and the built environment. Her website is www.wordsontherun.nl, ,With white-sand beaches, subtropical forests and rich cultural activities, Okinawa is a truly exciting destination. Here are eight unique experiences you can have on a trip to Okinawa.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Japan’s southernmost prefecture of Okinawa, an archipelago of some 160 islands in the East China Sea that stretches to Taiwan, is beloved for its environment.,White sand, stunning coral reefs, and crystal-clear seas await watersport enthusiasts and beach lovers, while subtropical forests and mangroves are perfect for fans of adventure and wildlife. ,But Okinawa also has a rich and unique culture and heritage because of its history as an independent kingdom influenced by its neighbors in East and Southeast Asia. Evidence of this unique past can be found everywhere, from the ruins of former castles of the Ryukyu kings to the lively folk music, dancing, and traditional cuisine.,Here are just some of the one-of-kind experiences to be enjoyed in Okinawa, whatever your interest. ,The Kerama Islands off the coast of mainland Okinawa are home to sea turtles and about 250 species of coral. The ocean here is such a distinctive and dramatic blue color it has been named “Kerama Blue.” ,There are about 20 Japanese isles, large and small, but only four are inhabited. The largest two, Tokashiki and Zamami, are renowned for snorkeling, diving, and other marine sports, as well as sandy beaches and ocean views.,For a close-up of Kerama Blue and all the life it supports (without getting wet!) take a glass-bottomed boat or canoe tour around some of the stunning coastline. In the winter, you can see humpback whales as they go by on their migratory route. ,Tokashiki is about 35 minutes from Naha by high-speed ferry. ,As the birthplace of karate, Okinawa is the ideal place to not only learn about the martial art’s history and development since the 14th century, but also try training with a true master.,The traditional karate practiced in the 400 dojos across the prefecture is different to sports karate, which debuted as an Olympic sport at Tokyo 2020. Okinawan Ryo Kiyuna won gold in the new sport, “bringing karate home” to its roots. ,At Karate Kaikan, a 15-minute drive from Naha Airport, you can watch a short movie outlining the defining characteristics of Okinawa karate as a technique of avoiding conflict without incident, including the principles of “do not hit” and “do not be hit.”,An experience corner offers a flavor of historic training methods; try wearing the geta (traditional Japanese sandals) infused with iron to strengthen the foot and leg muscles. ,A permanent exhibition introduces the history of Okinawa karate, the Karate Masters, and ancient documents. There is also an indoor dojo and a special dojo where high-profile practitioners do demonstrations.,If you’d like to visit or train at a dojo while in Okinawa, the Okinawa Karate Information Center can make arrangements. To experience karate heritage and culture at its fullest, visit over August 1–9, 2022, when the prefecture will host The 2nd Okinawa Karate World Tournament and The 1st Okinawa Karate World Junior Tournament.,Ryukyu Mura offers a glimpse of Okinawa from days gone by. This theme park about traditional local culture features a recreated village from the times of the Ryukyu Kingdom (1429–1879), when the royal family of Okinawa played a central role in trade with mainland Japan, Taiwan, China, and other parts of Asia. ,Take a stroll along the streets lined with historic folk houses and try the hands-on experiences, which include playing a local stringed instrument called the sanshin, making traditional Okinawan donuts, and creating your own ceramic shisa: an ancient Okinawa decoration derived from the Chinese guardian lion.,Be sure to catch one of the performances such as eisa folk dancing, taiko drumming, or a reenacted historical ceremony. The eateries serve Okinawan favorites and there are a range of local souvenirs on offer. ,Once the Ryukyu Kingdom’s center of politics, diplomacy, and culture, Shurijo Castle is a symbol of Okinawa. The structures on the small hill overlooking Naha were built using a fusion of local, Japanese, and Chinese architectural styles, using functional and decorative elements. ,Today, work continues to rebuild the castle’s main halls to their former glory following their destruction in a fire in October 2019. Still, other parts of the castle remain open, as are the vast grounds.,Highlights include the many mon (gates) that lead up to the castle, including Shureimon with its brilliant vermillion color; the pretty gardens; and the views of the city and ocean. ,The northern part of mainland Okinawa, Yanbaru, was recognized by UNESCO in July 2021 for its biodiversity. The area has some of the last remaining large tracts of subtropical rainforest in Asia and clusters of nationally protected mangroves.,There are about 4,000 species, including more than 20 species of animals and plants endemic to the area, such as Ishikawa’s frog. Exploring Yanbaru is a great way to spot wildlife, experience tranquil nature, or simply get away from it all. ,On Gesashi River, you can take a kayak tour with an expert guide through the mangroves for an up-close look at the many crabs, insects, and birds that call the mud flats and trees home. ,Nago Pineapple Park boasts a pineapple winery. Staff manufacture pineapples from across Okinawa prefecture to make delicious pineapple wine and sparkling wine, as well as pineapple vinegar, juice, and health drinks, making it a great spot for foodies. You can also sample fresh pineapple and all kinds of pineapple products.,In addition to tasting experiences, visitors can learn about the variety of pineapple and tropical plants grown on the park. Ride on the Pineapple Train through the fields and gardens or take a stroll along the Skywalk path for a bird’s eye view. Children will love interacting with the life-size Pineapple Family: the mascots of the park. ,The Valley of Gangala, about 30 minutes’ drive from Naha Airport, offers one of the most unique spots for a coffee break. Its aptly named Cave Cafe is situated in a limestone cave formed hundreds of thousands of years ago.,Its yawning mouth brings in the light, which bounces off the many stalactites and stalagmites to form an other-worldly atmosphere. The cold air in the cave is likely to draw you to a hot drink, regardless of the season. Try the signature “35 coffee,” which is roasted using coral, and enjoy a chat amid the excellent acoustics.  ,Guided tours of the ancient valley are available and take about 80 minutes. Passing through the back of the cave, you can see an excavation site where traces of the prehistoric Minatogawa people, the ancestors of the Japanese, have been discovered.,Once outside, the verdant valley opens up, with paths leading to giant banyan trees that are more than 100 years old. The roots of these trees extend from the branches to the ground, creating a dramatic sight.  ,At Bios no Oka, a subtropical forest park, you can ride a cart led by a water buffalo along nature trails designed to showcase the area’s rich vegetation. Highlights include the beautiful orchids and subtropical plants.,Visitors seeking more adventure can paddle through the “jungle area” on a canoe or test their skills on the adventure playground, which park staff made using fallen trees collected from the area after typhoons.,With a large open area for picnics, performances of traditional dance, and a petting zoo, this park promises fun for all the family. ,Lead photo by 国営沖縄記念公園（首里城公園),Go back in time in Western Africa as you immerse yourself into the culture of the Dogon tribe nestled in hidden mud dwellings.,Cresting the mesa summit, I am fighting for air. The climb up over hundreds of boulders has drained me but I am rewarded with the sight of hundreds of mud houses in the distance. ,The view is spectacular, across the open valley. Yet, from the valley floor, this village is perfectly camouflaged against intruders.,Pierre, my traveling partner, and I have reached the Dogon city of Niongomo in Mali, West Africa, a seat of high art and culture for almost 1,000 years.,This village is not a common destination for travelers and receives few white visitors. I am excited and anxious about my reception. ,When I see two small warriors with bows drawn, I realize things may get a bit dicey.My fears are allayed when Ali, my Dogon guide, steps forth to shake my hand and begin the elaborate greeting ritual common among the Dogon.,Ali wears the traditional three-pointed hat that sets the Dogon apart.,They do not simply talk to each other but have a complex system of greeting that involves inquiring about the health and current status of multiple family members each and, every time they meet, with a complex handshake.,It can take several minutes to do all this just to pass someone on a trail, but not to do so would be very insulting.,In a crowded village, the better part of a day can be passed by saying hello.,The Dogon have no written language but there are at least five distinct dialects of the spoken word and some anthropologists suggest as many as 17 different internal languages.,They have long been known for their mythology, wood sculptures, mask dances and unique architecture. ,There are more than 65 different and distinct masks, called “Inima,” known to be used in various rituals.  They are believed to hold the life force known as “Nyama.”,As we follow Ali up the path, small black faces peer at me from behind rocks and disappear like ghosts into our surroundings.,These next few moments are critical as I stop and blow up a bright red balloon.  When I hold it out in offering, a small child breaks from cover and rushes toward me. Pierre passes out several ink pens and we are in.,The current population is between 300,000 and 450,000, spread throughout the escarpment.,However, walking among their houses, the population seems to be quite scarce. Because of their history, they are wary of visitors until familiar.,It is generally believed that they migrated into the area known as the Bandiagara Escarpment of Southwestern Mali between the 14th and 15th centuries to escape the slave-raiding Monde kingdom among other tribes.,The more powerful and warlike people of this area raided for slaves until the practice peaked around the 18th century when, under the rise of militant Islam, jihads called for slaves to be used as indentured warriors. ,The relatively small and peaceful Dogon were a prime target.,Dogon oral history is very colorful and local lore tells of a snake that led them to the escarpment and their liberation.,Once the Dogon relocated to these mesas, they competed with the already well-established Pygmies, known locally as “Tellem.”  By this time, the pygmy cities were already ancient.,The Tellem had built elaborate cave dwellings high on the vertical rock walls that form this desert area of western Africa, keeping them safe from the much larger slave traders.,The Dogon built their villages on the lower slopes, creating elaborate mud houses with thatched roofs that, from a distance, blend perfectly with the land, creating a camouflaged environment. ,This, together with the elevated positions, made them secure from raiding neighbors.,The Dogons coexisted peacefully with the Tellem until about the 13th century when a dispute between the agriculturist Dogon and the mostly scavenging Tellem erupted into full-scale war over food sources. ,The larger and more advanced society of the Dogon drove out the Tellem but left their cliff cities intact.,Their mythology suggests the Tellem will return one day and the Dogon did not want to anger the spirits by violating Tellem possessions.,So to this day many of these isolated cliff houses still contain personal belongings, weapons and even some tiny skeletons.,Pierre and I have come to spend several days among their various villages.,The Dogon dwellings remind me of those of the American Anasazi, small interconnected mud homes that hold as many as five different families with elaborate ladders carved from tree trunks leading to multiple levels of rooms and rooftop terraces.,They have hundreds of  tiny granaries that resemble outhouses, with pointy thatched roofs.,These roofs twist and turn in every direction in a surreal flurry of movement.  Dogon villages always appear to be dancing.,Each house has an elaborately carved wooden door with representations of ancestors or personal family histories etched into the wood. ,Crocodiles are considered sacred and carved crocs can be found everywhere.,Every doorframe, window, tool and vessel is elaborately carved with beautiful images by highly skilled craftsmen. Whatever is of practical use to the Dogon is also an intricate work of art.,They are animists who worship nature and their ancestors, whose spirit is called Nommo. ,They believe when this life ends, they return to the earth to watch over future generations as spirits.  Many of these ancestors are carved onto the family door as a permanent guardian.,It is like wandering through a large outdoor museum, yet Dogon sculpture is never meant to be adornment and especially not for purchase by outsiders.,It is always made to preserve their culture. Much of it is not even for public viewing.,However, in the past few years, major museums have mounted expeditions for the express purpose of buying the Dogon carvings.,Now that they are aware of the rising prices their work can bring, especially on the black market, some of the more progressive thinkers are willing to part with it for a steep price.,When I inquire about purchasing a carved image I am taken into a dark room where tea is served and two hours of bargaining takes place before I am allowed to buy a tiny statue.,Bargaining is an honored ritual that is required for all monetary transactions and the initial price for an object is always ridiculously high. ,The shopper is expected to counter with an equally low offer, knowing all the while you will meet in the middle at the end of the process.,Before all this happens, I must convince them I want the statue for my self and not for resale once I am gone. If there is any thought of me as a dealer, the price will escalate beyond my means.,Once an offer is made, each side goes to great lengths to appear offended and hurt, exchanging stories of woe, how their children will suffer, or how their wife will go without clothes for such a paltry sum. ,I find it to be great fun, as do the Dogon, but at the same time, it is serious business.,This is how they pass the time, socializing in a world that does not know of television or radio, let alone computers, cell phones or the internet.,The longer we bargain, the more people come to watch and I gain great face by holding my own with these shrewd businessmen.,Whenever I make a counter offer, I hear murmurs in the crowd and expect a little side betting may be going on as to who will get the best of whom in our dealings.,In the end, I get my statue but am exhausted by the effort.,Later, when I ask my local guide where I can send him photos, he does not know what to tell me. ,There is no such thing as mail or letters and when I show some people the images I have taken in my digital camera, they try to grab them. My world is magic to them.,On the third day, they take us to a cave that is hand-painted with thousands of red, white and black images representing all the families of the area. ,In this cave the young males are ritually circumcised each year in a ceremony that takes several days.,We are not allowed to see where female circumcisions take place as they consider such matters to be “unclean.” White women are not even allowed to visit this cave.,Over several days we have climbed these mesas in searing heat to visit more than a dozen different villages. Lunch is always a small ball of rice with a watery tomato sauce. ,While I am ravenous from the exertion of getting to these remote destinations, I can eat very little because, as their guests, Pierre and I are served first and must eat before anyone else is allowed.,Pierre seems to survive on air alone, rarely eating anything.,When I finish, what is left will be divided among the men. If they leave anything, the children will get the scraps. ,I cannot bring myself to eat in front of all the hungry faces peering at me during these meals, so I feign being full after a mouthful and pass my plate along.,Hungry fingers immediately dig in and I try to slip away to privately wolf down a PowerBar. ,I rarely see the women except when they serve the food, then disappear. On the rare occasion I do see a woman, she quickly ducks into a house or covers her face from view with her hands.,The most beautiful statues and masks are tucked into every corner of their houses, meant only for the family’s use. ,A couple women grudgingly allow me to take their photos spinning wool or grinding millet, which is a staple of their diet. ,Even the heavy pole used to smash the millet is hand-carved with a story of the family’s history.,On our final day, we are taken to see the village elder, or Hogon, who tells us through an interpreter that he did not know what white men would be like but since we were respectful and curious about their culture, we are welcome to return anytime. ,He places his hands on our shoulders in a blessing that is meant to protect me in my travels.,We thank him and, with my precious statue tucked into my shoulder bag, begin the long descent to the valley floor.,On our way down an ancient woman says something to Pierre who, being an excellent linguist, repeats it back to her. ,This astounds her and she says something else that he again repeats. Now people are gathering to see this strange white man who speaks Dogon!,Pierre and the elderly woman are animatedly gesturing at each other and having a wonderful conversation without having a clue what the other one is saying. It goes on until most of the village is surrounding us.,This last act has given us great face and surely made for a story that will be told for generations to come around their evening fires.,As we drive away, I stop for a final look. We are no more than half a mile from the foot of the mesa we have just visited, yet I can barely make out any of the dwellings that blend in with the rocks so well.,Mali Tourism
www.malitourisme.com,Embassy of Mali
www.ambamali-jp.org,James Michael Dorsey is an explorer, author and photographer who has traveled extensively in 35 countries. His journeys are mostly off-the-beaten-path, and he frequently lives with indigenous people to record their culture. To see more of his work visit www.jamesdorsey.com., ,are you sure, not eourupe that made mali people become slave ??,Head into the Malaysian rainforest to experience plants, animals and culture unlike any other. Here is on traveler’s journey in Taman Negara.,Maybe it’s the high oxygen content, maybe it’s a latent primordial gene; whatever it is, I love the rainforest. Which is surprising, because I hate being hot and sticky, and I’m not too keen on over-exerting myself.,Still, there is something about exploring land that has not been changed by humans — well, not much — that appeals to me.,Bearing this in mind, it is understandable that I felt drawn to Malaysia’s Taman Negara, one of the world’s oldest rainforests, estimated to be a staggering 130 million years old.,Travel in Malaysia has many rewards, but Taman Negara has to be one of the best.,Taman Negara National Park is a three-hour drive and a four-hour boat ride from modern, eclectic Kuala Lampur. I arrived at Kuala Tembeling Jetty, purchased a park permit and climbed down the steps to the dock.,The boat, loaded with luggage and a dozen passengers, headed up the Tembeling River. I felt like I was the star in my own National Geographic documentary. Between walls of green, the boat motored up river, the breeze offering respite from the heat and humidity.,People fished with nets and poles. Children refreshed themselves splashing near the shore. Water buffalo with only horns and noses sticking out of the water avoided the sun. Other boats whizzed by.,We passed an adventurous group poling along on bamboo rafts; others were kayaking and tubing. The ride was beautiful, with an occasional bit of white water to add a momentary thrill. All too soon the trip was over.,Only minutes after the boat docked at the eco-resort of Mutiara Taman Negara, I was soaked in perspiration, and as I lugged my bags up the steps. I wondered if I only liked the rainforest when experienced on TV. Sometimes I am not realistic about how much I am willing to rough it.,At the top of the steps, I caught my breath, looked around and heaved a sigh of relief as I took in the resort’s large, modern, open-air dining area and landscaped grounds. ,It has a walkway that meanders from cabin to cabin. My cabin had electricity, a hot shower and, best of all, air conditioning.,A video documentary presentation in the Educational Center explained the dynamics of Taman Negara, where more than 10,000 plant species and about 350 animal species make their home. Spotting big animals, such as wild elephants and members of the cat family, is highly unlikely here. But macaques made the resort their playground, and an occasional monitor lizard wandered around.,In the morning I set off with Jo, my guide, for a three-hour nature walk. We set an easy pace, stopping for mini-lessons on various plants and their uses, and to inspect a wide array of bugs I never would have noticed without Jo’s keen eyes. Amid this “jungle” is the world’s longest canopy walk, 1,673 feet (510 m) long and 148 feet (45 m) above the forest floor.,Gingerly, I walked on the wobbly, narrow boardwalk with high net sides, keeping a required 15 feet (3 m) behind the person in front of me. The canopy walk goes from tree to tree, with a viewing platform encircling each tree.,It took a while to feel secure enough to enjoy the experience of being in the rainforest canopy. I stopped to catch sight of a bird and listened to the symphony of the rainforest.,Returning to camp, it was time for a shower, a short rest and lunch. There are a variety of things to do in Taman Negara, including visiting caves, cooling off in swimming holes and whitewater rafting.,I opted to visit the Orang Asli, which means “original people” in the Malay language. The first-known human occupants on the Malay Peninsula continue to live a nomadic hunter-gatherer lifestyle. The Batek, as they call themselves, are gentle, shy people. The village was home to about 20 people.,At first, the children hid behind the adults, so I took off my shoes and sat on the edge of the mat under their lean-to shelter. Soon curiosity replaced fear, and they began to smile. One of the Batek men showed me how they make fire without using matches, and how he makes poison darts for his blowgun, used for hunting.,We learned that the Malaysian government unsuccessfully tried to provide schools, but they are not in accord with the Batek’s nomadic ways. Once a month the government sends a doctor to check on their health and provide needed medicine, however, the Batek people prefer the traditional medicines made from rainforest plants.,In the evening, Jo and I headed out for a night nature walk. At a “hide,” a one-room structure on stilts overlooking waterholes and natural salt licks, we watched samba deer. There are several hides in the park where visitors can spend the night should they so desire.,Once again Jo amazed me with his ability to find scorpions, spiders, moths, walking sticks and an incredible array of interesting little critters, each with its own adaptive survival characteristics. Time went too fast. There were still trails I hadn’t walked, pools I wanted to swim in and other activities left undone, so there was no joy in leaving.,Back on the river, enjoying the river vignettes, I put Taman Negara on my “gotta-do-again” list.,Taman Negara National Park
www.taman-negara.com,Mutiara Taman Negara
www.mutiarahotels.com/mutiara_tmnnegara,Malaysian National Tourism Office
www.geographia.com/malaysia,Christmas shopping takes on a whole new flavor at the ultra-modern Wafi City Mall in Dubai.,Two huge seated pharaohs stared at me, unblinking and unseeing, frozen in time. I wasn’t anywhere that you would normally associate with these divine beings — Egypt, the British Museum or even Las Vegas.It was December, the beginning of the Christmas season, and I was in Dubai City, outside the entrance to the ultra-modern Wafi City Mall. After a quick glance at the mall directory, I thought, “The pharaohs could have found everything they needed for the afterlife and more right here.”,I’d just hopped off an open-air, double-decker tour bus. I was parched and ready for the cool embrace of the air-conditioned mall. I hadn’t expected to be greeted by the pharaohs or to find the London-style tour bus offering city and beach tours. After several hours exploring the city, however, I understood the guide’s oft-repeated refrain: “Dubai is a country full of surprises.”,Dubai, a member of the federation of seven United Arab Emirates (UAE), pulsates with a cosmopolitan mix of Arab, Indian, Asian and Western lifestyles and cultures. With 1.2 million inhabitants, it is the most populous emirate. Most people live in Dubai City, the country’s capital, on the Persian Gulf.,In contrast to fellow UAE members, Dubai generates only a small part of its gross domestic product from oil reserves, which are considerably smaller than those of its neighbors. Fueled by a visionary leadership, the sheikdom has capitalized on its history as a trade hub to build itself into a cosmopolitan center of finance, manufacturing and tourism.,From the exotic dhows laden with everything including the kitchen sink that still ply Dubai Creek to the glistening glass and steel of modern skyscrapers to the carefully irrigated roadside beds of petunias and marigolds plunked down in the desert sand, my quick tour of the capital underscored the guide’s sentiment that nothing is predictable in this country of contrasts.,I still wasn’t prepared for what I saw as I entered the Wafi City Mall. A 50-foot-tall (15 m) Christmas tree towered over the lobby. Christmas carols floated through the air. Traditional red and green holiday decorations festooned the store entryways.,With my mouth agape and my eyes still fixed on the tree, I tried to respond to the mall greeter’s efforts to give me a map of the stores and a discount coupon for purchases.,“Do you always have a Christmas tree here?” I managed to sputter. “Oh, yes, Wafi City is famous for its Christmas displays. If you go upstairs, you’ll even find Santa’s Village.”,Sure enough, one level up, under the pyramid-shaped atrium that sparkled with rich jewel-colored murals of life in ancient Egypt, Santa ho-ho-ho-ed his Christmas greetings to giggling Muslim and Christian children alike in a gesture of universal goodwill.,Elves, polar bears and penguins stood in attendance around a gingerbread house and igloo that completed the Christmas scene.,While Santa entertained the kids and the pharaohs kept silent watch outside, shoppers of all nationalities were doing an excellent job of supplying themselves with luxury goods from high-end stores. Women shrouded in long black abayacloaks worn over regular clothes and head scarves shopped side by side with young Arab women in low-slung Britney Spears–style jeans and the occasional exposed belly button.,Stylish businessmen and casually dressed Westerners in shorts and running shoes strolled past men clad in traditional long white robes and checkered black-and-white head cloths. Smartly dressed Asian women huddled together checking their maps to locate their next shopping destination. It was United Nations–central right here at the mall.,Suddenly, the sound of mall chatter fell off as the afternoon call to prayer blared over the loudspeaker. Muslim men and women swiftly made their way to their separate prayer rooms, conveniently located next to restrooms, complete with foot showers for ritual foot cleansing prior to prayers.,From the shopper-oriented commercial aspects of Christmas, the mall gave itself over quickly and easily to the tradition of Islam, which forms the bedrock of Dubai and is the official religion of all the emirates. While the majority of Dubai’s residents are Sunni muslims, Dubai is the only emirate that accommodates foreign minorities, with a Hindu temple and a Sikh temple.,As I strolled out of the mall, I felt something brush my hair. Looking up, I was caught in a swirl of fake snow falling from above. I laughed. Children giggled. Always expect the unexpected in Dubai.,If You Go,The Wafi City Mall
www.waficity.com,The mall offers high-end shopping with a terrific family entertainment center called Encounter Zone, on the upper floor.,The Big Bus Company
www.bigbustours.com,For those with only a few days to explore, the Big Bus tour offers an excellent visual introduction to this city of contrasts, with the convenience of hop-on, hop-off, at many major attractions on the City Tour. There’s also a two-hour Beach Tour. An enthusiastic English-speaking guide provides commentaries on each bus.,It is also an easy way for women traveling on their own to see the sights. The buses originate at or near Wafi City, but can be boarded at any of its stops. Reservations can be made online at or by going to the ticket counter outside the Mall.,Dubai Tourism
www.dubaitourism.ae, ,Explore the natural beauty and unique culture of the Baltic nation of Latvia. From art museums to national parks, Latvia has much to offer travelers.,Latvia is one of the three Baltic countries located between Lithuania and Estonia along the Baltic Sea in Northern Europe. Although Latvia is small, those who have had visited this country are fascinated by its beautiful nature, medieval castles and unique culture.,Latvia’s beautiful capital city of Riga is worth a visit alone, but there are many other charming towns and even beachside destinations to explore. This country of 1.92 million residents is one of Europe’s hidden gems.,Latvia was occupied by the USSR from 1940 to 1991. Before the occupation, Latvians made up the majority of the country’s population.  Today, a significant number of Russians live in this country as well. That being said, Latvian is not the only language spoken, although it is the official language in Latvia. Some people also speak Russian, while some speak both, plus English.,Even though most people adhere to Christianity (Lutheranism and Catholicism), about one-quarter consider themselves nonreligious. Latvians value their personal space and may come off as a bit reserved, but most people are happy to help if you have trouble getting around. ,Riga Old Town, Gauja National Park and the Soviet legacy are important stops on an adventure through this beautiful Baltic beauty. Let’s take a road trip through Latvia, from Jurmala’s resorts in the west to the Latgale region in the east of Latvia.,Established in the 13th century, Riga is where the Daugava River and the Baltic Sea meet. Today, Riga is the capital of Latvia, and with 600,000 inhabitants, it is the largest city of all three Baltic states.,More than 800 Art Nouveau-style buildings were built in Riga at the beginning of the 20th century. You can see most of these buildings on Alberta Street. The beautiful architecture will leave a remarkable impression on you in Old Town Riga. It is a historic part of the city with cobblestone streets and many buildings have the status of cultural heritage landmarks.,Learn more about all the history and culture of Riga with the Insight Guides Pocket Riga. This guide has the top sites, unique facts and easily fits in your pocket. Available on Amazon here.,St. Peter’s Church is the most attractive for tourists. Its 72-meter-(236 feet)-high tower offers a beautiful view of the city. Take some time to visit the House of the Blackheads, an impressive 14th-century building that was demolished during World War II but later rebuilt. Today, various events, concerts and conferences are held at this building. It also holds an extensive collection of silverware and ceiling paintings.,Another photo-worthy stop is Three Brothers. Legend says that three brothers from one family constructed three buildings next to each other in medieval times. These buildings nowadays have substantial historical significance.,Riga is also home to one of the largest markets in Eastern Europe. The picturesque Riga Central Market has several halls featuring stalls with fruits, vegetables, fish, cheeses and spices. It is located near the Riga International Bus Terminal and Central Railway Station, on the Daugava River banks. Riga Central Market has been on the UNESCO World Heritage List since 1998.,While Riga has beautifully preserved its historic buildings, the city has a young, modern vibe, with excellent restaurants, free city wi-fi, flower-filled parks and more.,Because of the occupation, Latvians had to struggle to preserve their cultural heritage. Religious and folkloric festivals were banned, and the mid-19th century is considered the onset of the country’s cultural awakening. The country carefully preserved its heritage and culture, which you can experience for yourself in the music at popular clubs like Folkklubs Ala Pagrabs in Riga or during the Midsummer Festivals in summer.,Today, Riga has several excellent museums which explore that heritage. If you want to see how Latvians lived in different periods and different parts of the country, you can explore the Latvian Ethnographic Open-Air Museum. It’s just 30 minutes from Riga. The Latvian National Museum of Art has a collection of more than 50,000 works of art from the 18th century to the present day.,In the spring of 2021, Riga will become richer for another exciting museum. A new Museum of the World Freemasonry will present a collection of 1,500 Masonic artifacts from all over the world. Visitors will find out which celebrities were Freemasons and what Nazi anti-Masonic propaganda looked like, as well as the rooms where rituals were held.,if you like the automotive industry, you can visit the Riga Motor Museum. In the center of Riga is the Freedom monument. That 42-meter (138-feet)-high symbol of independence, freedom and national unity was built with Latvians’ donations as a memorial for all those who gave their lives for freedom.,Among other interesting places worth visiting in the Latvian capital are the Riga Zoo and the Latvian National Opera and Ballet. Also, you can visit the somber Corner House, also known as the KGB Building. The building was the former KGB Headquarters in Riga and is now a museum. Part of the Museum of the Occupation of Latvia, it takes a hard look at the difficult times Latvia endured during the Soviet occupation.,In the west of Latvia, the town of Kuldiga will charm you. It has only 13,000 inhabitants and is a quiet destination where you can relax and enjoy a walk along the river or through the city. Kuldiga is called the Latvian Venice because of the numerous canals of the Alexupite River that flow through the city.,Near the town of Kuldiga, you can see the widest waterfall in Europe on the Venta River. The Ventas Rumba waterfall width varies from 250 to 270 meters (820 to 885 feet), and it’s only 2 meters (6 feet) high. Since 1997, Ventas Rumba has been under protection as a natural monument. It used to be an essential river junction, so a nearby settlement was created – the town of Kuldiga. Venta River is a popular location for sport fishing as it is abundant with various species of fish.,Another important tourist attraction is the Kuldiga Brick Bridge, located near the waterfall. It was built in the 19th century. The bridge is 164 meters (538 feet) long and 8 meters (26 feet) wide and is probably the longest functional brick bridge in Europe. Every year more than 100,000 people visit this attractive location in the west of Latvia.,Near the town of Kuldiga is the longest cave in Latvia. Riežupe Sand Caves is a man-made labyrinth created in the 18th century. The tunnels are 2 kilometers (1.24 miles) long, but only 460 meters (1,509 feet) are available to visitors. You can visit this place only as part of a guided tour.,About 25 kilometers (15.5 miles) west of Riga is the city of Jurmala. It became famous in Soviet times as a resort often visited by prominent Soviet politicians. With 30 kilometers (18 miles) of coastline, sandy beaches and numerous wooden houses, Jurmala is one of the most popular destinations in the Baltics.,The Livu Aquaparks is one of the biggest tourist attractions in this part of Latvia. With as many as 300,000 visitors each year, 10 swimming pools, 20 water slides and spa facilities, Livu Aquaparks is one of the largest water parks in Northern Europe.,If you love nature, Kemeri National Park will delight you. Dzintari Forest Park is also worth visiting because of the lovely walking paths, children’s playgrounds, sports fields and beautiful pine forests.,When you come to Jurmala, you should visit Ragakapa Nature Park, an 800-meter (2,624 feet)-long natural dune created by the wind. The River Lielupe, more than 100 kilometers (62 miles) long, is a paradise for those who love kayaking and canoeing.,The urban part of Jurmala is also attractive. You can enjoy walking through Jomas Street, a pedestrian zone with restaurants, boutiques and souvenir shops.,Gauja National Park is the largest national park in Latvia. It is named after the Gauja River, whose valley it encompasses. The park is known for its significant biological diversity, natural springs and important cultural and historical monuments.,The biggest attractions in Gauja National Park include sandstone cliffs created 350 million years ago, caves and caverns. The Zvartes Rock, Erglu Cliffs and Sietiniezis Ridge are places worth seeing. The Zvartes Rock is also considered a place with the most scenic sandstone outcrops in Latvia. ,Interestingly, there are more than 500 cultural and historical monuments in Gauja National Park. Here you can see churches, brick castles and watermills. The Turaida Museum-Reserve, which includes the Turaida Castle with a stunning view of the entire valley, is also worth visiting. The Ungurmuiza Manor complex is an excellent example of Baroque architecture.,You’ll want to bring your sunscreen and hiking boots for this park excursion. MountainWarehouse has an enormous selection of boots, vests and other hiking essentials here.,About 55 kilometers (34 miles) from Riga, there is a popular tourist destination visited by about 600,000 people every year. The Sigulda District consists of the city of Sigulda and three parishes, with a total population of only 18,000.,Sigulda is a fantastic destination for adventure enthusiasts and adrenaline junkies: It features the largest open-air adventure park in the Baltics, with a platform at the height of 20 meters (65 feet). Aerodium is also a big attraction and the first vertical wind tunnel in Eastern Europe. After the briefing with the instructor and a warm-up, you will experience the unique feeling of flying in an air tunnel.,You will have the best view of the Gauja Valley and Sigulda’s medieval castles, Krimulda and Turaida, from the cable car 43 meters (141 feet) above the Gauja. The length of the cableway is 1,200 meters (3,937 feet), and you can enjoy the ride every half-hour. The beautiful surroundings will leave you breathless. For total adrenaline freaks, bungee jumping and ziplining are available during the summer season.,If you have more time to explore Sigulda, visit Gutman’s Cave, the widest and highest cave in the Baltic states. Also, you can visit Safari Park More, where you can see red deer, white deer and fallow deer, and take pictures with them.,This area’s most significant cultural heritage is the Sigulda Castle Complex from the 18th century, built in the Neo-Gothic style. Today, art workshops are held here where artisans create unique products that you can buy as a souvenir.,The magnificent Rundale Palace was built in the 18th century in the Zemgale region of southern Latvia. The palace was made for the Dukes of Courland and was later used as a hospital for Napoleon’s army during Russia’s French attack. ,In the 20th century, the palace was used as the Ministry of Agriculture’s headquarters and even as a school run by the Ministry of Education. This baroque palace is also recognizable by its beautiful parks, a French garden, and rose garden.,Today, Rundale Palace is one of the leading tourist destinations in Latvia and a place where the world’s highest-ranking officials stay when visiting this Baltic country. Several parts of the palace are open to visitors, such as the White Hall, the Gilt Hall and the Great Gallery.,Wedding ceremonies, concerts and presentations are also held in the halls of Rundale Palace. Since 1972 when the Rundale Palace Museum was established, its mission has been to research Latvian history, create collections and organize exhibitions.,Liepaja is the third-largest city in Latvia and an important port on the Baltic Sea, with blue flag beaches. You will have a beautiful view of the city and its surroundings if you climb to the top of the tower of the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity.,Liepaja boasts the modern Great Amber Concert Hall, which opened in 2015. The futuristic-looking building houses three halls of outstanding acoustics where music events are held.,The main tourist attraction is the old military prison, the only one that’s open to the public. Karosta Military Prison was founded in 1900, and no one ever managed to escape from it. Thanks to the prison museum, you can learn many details from World War II and the period of the Soviet regime rule.,If you want to try something unique, this place offers plenty of fun. You can participate in the “Extreme Night” show by getting a specific role and spending the night in a prison cell. In Karosta Prison, you can also play in two Escape Rooms, where, with the help of logic and teamwork, you can solve puzzles and escape within 60 minutes.,You can take a guided tour of the Naval Port’s Northern Forts to learn more about the Liepaja fortification system. You will explore the underground labyrinths and see firsthand the importance of the Liepaja fortress for the city’s defense at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century.,The Latgale region occupies the eastern part of Latvia, north of the Daugava River. The mentality and language differ from other Latvia regions, and the dominant religion is not Lutheran but Catholic.,The city of Daugavpils is the tourist pearl of the Latgale region. The biggest attraction and symbol of the city is Daugavpils Fortress. It was built in the 19th century as part of the defensive line against the oncoming Napoleonic army. Later, it was used as a warehouse, and today it represents the last fortification of that kind in Europe.,If you love art, you’ve probably heard of the painter Mark Rothko. His original name is Marcus Rothkowitz, and he was born in Daugavpils. When he was 10, he moved with his family to the U.S. and built a career as a great artist. Today, there is a Mark Rothko Art Center in his hometown.,This art and cultural center is located in the Arsenal building of the Daugavpils Fortress and is the only place in Europe where original works by Mark Rothko can be seen. Also, here you can see exhibitions of other world-famous contemporary artists. For a complete experience of the Latgale region, take the time to visit Daugavpils Tarzans Adventure Park that features six obstacle tracks with different difficulty, Latgale Zoo, Devil’s Lake, Dubrovin Park and the city of Rēzekne. ,The St. Peter’s Church and the Daugavpils Museum are also worth visiting.,Ligatne is a small town on the Gauja River in the northwestern part of Latvia. As it practically represents the Gauja National Park entrance, this place is excellent for nature lovers.,Ligatne Nature Trails include 5 kilometers (3.1 miles) of trails, especially a delight for animal lovers. Many animals from various parts of Latvia are found here and could not survive elsewhere. With organized excursions in Latvian, English, German and Russian, you can enjoy watching all those birds, bears, deer and other wild animals in a beautiful setting.,Another winning outdoor location is Lustuzis Cliffs. These are impressive sandstone cliffs with caves that the locals used as a pantry for groceries.,Ligatne also preserves a part of Latvian history from the time of the occupation. During the Cold War, a secret Soviet bunker was built, 9 meters (29 feet) underground. ,It was intended to protect prominent politicians of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic in a nuclear war. Today, in organized tours, you can see the passages and rooms, some of which had power generators and a direct telephone connection with Moscow.,Cesis was founded in the 13th century. With a history of 800 years, it is one of the most important medieval cities in the Baltic. You can climb the tower of the Cesis Medieval Castle from which you will have a beautiful view of Cesis Old Town and the beautiful park.,St. John’s Church, city hall and other buildings housing boutiques and workshops in the Cesis Old Town are worth seeing. You can explore the 18th-century Cesis New Castle. Today, this castle houses the Cesis History and Art Museum.,Near Cesis are Ciruliši Nature Trails with three routes for walking and enjoying unique natural creations like Ciruliši cliffs.,As you can tell, Latvia is a country of rich history and culture, beautiful architecture and breathtaking natural sights. It’s one of the greenest countries in Europe, and a destination well worth the visit.,Find affordable airline tickets, buses, hotels and more in Latvia through Travelocity. Check out their options and travel flexibility here.,For a more private and personal experience while in Lativia, check out VRBO. Through VRBO you can rent a home, condo or whatever space you’re feeling for the adventure here.,READ MORE: Roots in Riga, A Latvian-American’s Story,Author’s Bio: Marija Stojanovic Petkovski – Based in Serbia in Europe, Petkovski realizes that writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,British Columbia’s capital is a complex blend of British Empire–era trappings and modern-day influences.,The alley’s so narrow that only a rumor of sun reaches past the two-story warehouses that frame it. Along the lane, oddment shops sell phonograph records, herbal tinctures, bead necklaces, antique handiworks. You can reach your hands to each side of the passageway and brush the old brick walls.,When you step out into the sunny street you’re in Chinatown. Wood-box stands offer piled bundles of daikon (a white radish of Japan), ginger, dried cuttlefish and bok choy. Blue Pacific sky paints the horizon. Cantonese phrases clatter like marbles rolled against each other. “Dim sum lunch every day,” promises a sign above the entrance to Don Mee’s.,It’s early afternoon in Victoria, B.C., dim sum is our goal, and Don Mee’s is reputedly the best in town. Loosely translated as “little treats,” dim sum are indeed that, small plates of dumplings and other delights from which, given a half-dozen, two diners can make a lunch that practically demands a postprandial nap.,Up the stairs we stride — lollygagging is not wise if you want a table at a dim sum shrine — to enter an elegant hubbub of serious gustation. Green walls, brass trim and porcelain adornments temper the clack of platters and chopsticks, the familial ebb and flow of conversation.,We start with shrimp dumplings, the hamburgers of dim sum, and venture onward to taro rolls, spiced wide noodles, shrimp-and-crab cakes. It’s the best dim sum lunch I’ve had since my last trip to Hong Kong, and it reminds me why Victoria is such a wonderfully diverse and culturally flavorful place to visit.,Yes, that Victoria. Capital of British Columbia, Canada. Former outpost of the British Empire. Perched around one of the world’s best harbors at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island, the largest island on the western side of North America. Home of neo-English parliament buildings (called so even though it’s the B.C. Legislature that uses them) and afternoon tea ceremonies in quaint Victorian parlors.,Though the notion is far from reality, the city still hasn’t shed its Beefeater-and-lace public persona. You can blame Rudyard Kipling for this.,It was Kipling who, after visiting Victoria around 1908, when he was probably the world’s most famous English writer, called it a Little Bit of Old England. “Amongst all the beautiful places in the world, and I think I have seen the most beautiful of them, Victoria ranks the highest,” he gushed. Woe betides those who have an identity stuck on them by a global celebrity!,Although it has a dozen other equally valid (and more genuine) personalities and the city stopped marketing its quasi-Brit character a decade ago, most visitors still come to town expecting scones and jam on doily-clad silver salvers.,But there’s plenty to be said for old Empire sensibilities. At Abigail’s, a marvelously deluxe neo-Tudor inn that’s just a few blocks from the waterfront, the two honeymoon suites include dumbwaiters from which couples can extract their breakfasts without joining the relatively refined hurly-burly of breakfast in the first-floor parlor. Yes, you get scones at breakfast. You can also have cider-and-gouda scalloped potatoes and breakfast lasagna.,Some of Victoria’s other identities:,Progressive culinary capital: Not only is it a dining mecca (with more restaurants per capita than any other city in Canada, supposedly), it’s one of the world’s centers for slow food, the term that embraces production and enjoyment of local, sustainable agriculture, fisheries and cooking. The Vancouver Island Chefs Collaborative was formed a decade ago by innovative restaurateurs to create a market for regional foodstuffs.,Horticultural haven: Everyone knows about Butchart Gardens, a highly stylized formal layout in a former rock quarry that’s among the most famous gardens on earth. But there are dozens of others, ranging from a quiet, low-key native plant sanctuary in the sedate Oak Bay neighborhood, to modest rose gardens at Government House, where the royal family stays when members are in town.,Biking center: You can pick up a bike just blocks from downtown and pedal 40 miles (64 km) west on an old railroad grade to the foothills near Sooke. On a hot summer day, the Sooke River is a great place for a plunge into deep emerald pools.,Oenological hotspot: Two areas north of the city, the Cowichan Valley and Saanich Peninsula, are the newest wine districts in Canada, offering not only cold-climate wines, but blackberry, kiwi, quince and pear versions.,Asian cultural center: Chinese (Mandarin and Cantonese), Indian, Pakistani and Japanese influences abound. Though small, just two blocks, Victoria’s Chinatown is a colorful, bustling district with most of the virtues of its larger cousins in Vancouver and San Francisco.,Yes, I’ve had afternoon tea in Victoria. Rather than dally for tea at the venerable Fairmont Empress Hotel, however, I prefer to get out and walk the city’s core, which wraps around one of the world’s best harbors, facing south into the sun toward the snow-clad ramparts of the Olympic Range across the water and the U.S./Canada border, in the state of Washington. The city was recently declared the best in Canada for walking, and that’s just what we’re doing today.,We start on Government Street, dipping into the shops nearest the Empress that reflect Empire heritage, checking out wool capes and sweaters at Irish Linens; then stepping a few doors away into Murchie’s, a venerable tea purveyor that may be the only place on the West Coast you can buy a tea at CAD $200/pound (US$ 174). James Bay Traders devotes itself to Canadian goods, with fur trader–style blankets and Native-influenced clothing that’s reasonably genuine.,A few blocks farther is Chinatown, and after lunch at Don Mee’s we pause at Silk Road, a hip tea-and-emollients purveyor where they blend such unlikely combos as ginger, grapefruit, lemongrass, vetiver and coriander into an oil whose name, Energy, is inarguably appropriate.,My favorite part of central Victoria, though, is Fort Street, a shopping district that angles north out of the harbor area. It’s an antique row where you can browse among as many silver sets, lace tablecloths, overstuffed chairs and leather-bound books as an old empire might cast high on a harbor shore. Each chock-a-block bric-a-brac outlet might well require a spousal consent statement before selling anything to lone travelers; luckily, neither I nor my wife Leslie is dying to have a silverplate set of soft-boiled-egg knives.,The more modern stores on Fort exert a stronger draw on me. I’ve not before seen a last manuscript by Raymond Chandler that was published a few years back in a classics series. Playback isn’t up to the rest of Chandler, Frances Thorsen tells me, but that’s like saying Beethoven’s Eighth isn’t up to his Seventh or Ninth.,“It’s still Chandler. It’s still better than most anything written today,” she avers.,Thorsen ought to know; she’s the proprietor of Chronicles in Crime, the best mystery book shop I’ve ever been in. Her many hundreds of titles are arranged by sub-genres that make sense only to avid thriller readers: “Male private eye.” Leslie rolls her eyes, but I check the titles to see if Thorsen has sorted accurately, which she has.,Across the street, at Revive, a used kitchenware store, Leslie lingers over a few things that make more sense to her than to me: A 50-year-old flour sifter that is not only antique but more serviceable than modern ones; its hand-turned crank does a better job of moving the flour through the sieve.,I didn’t know that.,“Travel broadens your mind,” she tells me, sweetly, over afternoon revival at a Serious Coffee outlet two doors down.,That night we stroll through old Victoria — Bastion Square, whose name and bulwark stonework stolidly evoke empire — to dinner at an outpost of the city’s new character. Camille’s is new-clasped-within-old, a cozy warren of small dining rooms in a Bastion Square cellar. One of the pioneers of the city’s new cuisine/slow food philosophy, Camille’s has for 15 years melded traditional Vancouver Island foods with innovative approaches that blend European and Asian influences.,Its signature appetizer is a bisque of shellfish, ginger and togarashi (a hot red pepper used as a spice) oil; each spoonful is rich enough to send to the bank. The pork tenderloin comes with a black cumin seed jus; and the free-range venison has a fig glaze and fruit/almond/sausage bread pudding for starch.,Every dinner, Leslie believes, needs a starch, a point of view that would have been utterly familiar to an old Empire cook. Luckily, in Victoria, I can dine within a new tradition that incorporates what’s best of an older one. The venison is delightfully tender, its strong flavor braced by the fig glaze. The bread pudding has as much texture and flavor as a stew. And there’s not a bit of Victorian lace in sight.,If You Go,Tourism Victoria,www.tourismvictoria.com,Don Mee Seafood Restaurant,538 Fisgard Street,250-383-1032,www.donmee.com,Camille’s Restaurant,45 Bastion Square,250-381-3433,www.camillesrestaurant.com,Abigail’s Hotel,906 McClure Street,250-388-5363,Toll Free 866-347-5054,www.abigailshotel.com, ,A visit to Wroclaw, Poland bring unexpected delights, from an impressive collection of dwarf statues to grand architecture,Alex, my 12-year-old son, had a mission when we arrived in Wroclaw, Poland: to find as many dwarfs as possible. The first one he spotted was on the sign of our hotel, SleepWalker Boutique Suites, just a few minutes’ walk from Wroclaw’s Old Town Square. By some accounts, it’s the largest square in Poland; by others the second largest, after Krakow’s.,From the SleepWalker — a charming little hotel with large rooms filled with old-fashioned furniture and drapery — we came to Plac Solny (Salt Square) first, thinking it was the square. Alex found the first few dwarfs there. Then, we noticed that the corner of our square touched the corner of a much larger one.,Whether the largest or second-largest square in Poland, Alex and I agreed that we were standing in the most architecturally spectacular of the squares we’d seen during our visit. All around us in the square, the buildings were fixed with ornate facades, statues and paintings, and represented every color of the rainbow and many colors in between.,While most squares have a statue or an open space of cobblestone at the center, this square was anchored in the middle with more buildings, facing the ones in the square. And throughout the square, dwarfs were everywhere.,In what must have been an eureka moment for the local tourism industry, Wroclaw worked with local businesses to place more than 300 little statues of dwarfs throughout the city, many of them related to the sponsor (like a dwarf with a book before a book store). Parents can stand in awe of the architecture while children occupy themselves with dwarf-hunting.,The most spectacular building in the square is the Town Hall, one of Europe’s most impressive examples of Gothic architecture. A restaurant in the Town Hall’s basement is where Alex and I dined in a hall fit for a king.,“I’ve found 23 dwarfs so far,” Alex reported as we ate.,“That’s great,” I said, nodding as he recounted them. But to be honest, I was still dazzled by the architecture.,Wroclaw feels more like a large village than a city — at least in Old Town and its vicinity — but there is plenty to see between the dwarfs.  A rotunda immortalizes the 1794 Battle of Raclawice (between the Poles and Russians) with an impressive panorama mural. Wroclaw University features a rich assembly hall.,One of the most memorable scenes in Wroclaw for both me and Alex came when we crossed a bridge from the mainland to the Cathedral Islands. It felt as though we’d crossed into an old village.,The streets were quiet, except for a flute player on a cobblestone corner, and three giant cathedrals all were within view of the road as we walked along with it. Touring the cathedrals was nice. Even better was that moment we crossed over the bridge and strolled along the cobblestone road of the two small islands, surrounded by the triplicate cathedral towers and music fit for the scene.,We checked out of our hotel and returned, packs on back, to Wroclaw’s Old Town Square, leisurely taking in the beautiful building facades all around us. We thought we’d be walking right in to breakfast, but found that most of the cafes hadn’t yet opened.,Alex thought he spotted another dwarf on the patio in front of one of the cafes, but it was actually the small statue of a dog hefting up a mug of beer in his paw. “This looks like a good place for breakfast,” Alex said.,“And they’re open,” I added. We went in and took our Polish-English menus.,“I’d like this platter,” I said to the waitress, “but I don’t like my eggs runny. Can you serve them scrambled?”,“No,” the waitress said with a stern expression. “No change to orders, eggs only come this way.”,“Really? You can’t scramble my eggs?”,“No.”,We ordered fruit-filled pierogi.,“With your order,” the waitress said, “you can have either tea, coffee or a half-liter of beer for 1 zloty.”,That’s about 30 cents. “I’ll have your breakfast beer,” I said. Alex ordered tea.,As we waited for our food to arrive, Alex sipping his tea and me sipping my local brew, Alex asked, “Do you think I should count the little dog as a dwarf?”,I looked at the dog, raising his beer to me. “Yes,” I said. “Why not?”,Chances are, if you’re visiting Wroclaw, you’re taking a side trip from Warsaw or Krakow. Those are the easiest and most economic destinations for flying into Poland from the United States.,Wroclaw is in Western Poland, about three hours northwest of Krakow by car, bus or train, and about 4 hours southwest of Warsaw (making it a great stop between the two cities if not the most direct route.,Rental cars are easy enough to find and drive in Poland, but we found Polski Bus and Flix Bus to be more convenient and inexpensive options. The buses were the most efficient and convenient way to get from one city to another while in Poland. You can buy your tickets online before leaving home.,While in Wroclaw, don’t just look at the beautiful Old Town Hall—dine in its basement restaurant, which happens to be the oldest restaurant in Europe, dating back to the early 1200s. Piwnica Swidnicka serves good beer and hearty food in a dimly-lit cavern of brick and stone, and has hosted such visitors as a Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund, Johann Wolfgang von Gothe, Frederic Chopin, and Pablo Picasso.,In Wroclaw, we stayed at SleepWalker Boutique Suites at 61-62 St. Nicholas Street, which was only a five-minute walk to the main square of Old Town. SleepWalker Boutique Suites offered old-style charm with old-fashioned furniture, drapery, and décor, just three minutes’ walk from the main square. After a day of dwarf-hunting, it’s fitting to spot the dwarf in the signage of the hotel.,Read more from Eric Goodman on Poland:,A Father-Son Trip to Gdansk, Poland,A Visit to the Tatra Mountains: Poland’s “Winter Capital” of Zakopane,Author: Eric D. Goodman enjoys travel as much as he does writing. He’s author of Setting the Family Free (2019), Womb: a novel in utero (2017), Tracks: A Novel in Stories (2011) and Flightless Goose (2008). His travel stories and short fiction have been published widely. Eric lives with his wife Nataliya and children Alex and Nicole in Baltimore, where he curates the popular Lit & Art Reading Series. Learn more at www.ericdgoodman.com or connect at www.facebook.com/ericdgoodman.,Have you dreamed of spending Christmas in Bethlehem? Read about what to see and do in the city where Christ and therefore, Christmas was born.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,“O Little Town of Bethlehem” is a popular hymn that’s regularly sung by Christians during the Christmas season. After all, Bethlehem is the birthplace of Jesus.,Located in the central West Bank, Palestine, just south of Jerusalem in the Middle East, Bethlehem has become a popular tourist destination. Especially at Christmastime. It’s even referred to as “Christmas City” and visitors can enjoy a great light show at this time of year to add to the overall effect.,Furthermore, the Roman Catholics’ Christmas Eve Midnight Mass is broadcast around the world from here every year. However, whether you’re a Christian or not, I feel that Christmas in Bethlehem is worth a visit.,Many of us know the Biblical story of how Caesar Augustus decreed that a census must be taken and that all people in the Roman world had to return to their own town to register. Joseph, being of the line of David, was required to take his pregnant wife, Mary, and go to Bethlehem for this registration.,Because of the census, Bethlehem was extremely crowded, so they were unable to find a room at an inn. Subsequently, Mary gave birth to Jesus in a lowly stable and both shepherds and wise men came to worship the Christ-child.,The Church of the Nativity, Bethlehem’s most popular tourist attraction, is said to stand on the very spot where Jesus was born. This magnificent church has now replaced that lowly stable from the bible. Plus, the very place of the manger is now marked by a 14-point silver star named the Star of Bethlehem.,A church has been located on this very spot since the 4th century, when the Byzantine Emperor, Constantine, built a chapel here. Today’s basilica, the oldest complete church in the Christian world, was built by Emperor Justinian back in the 6th century. It replaced Constantine’s structure.,Over the following years and centuries, there have been many changes, including the size of the entrance doorway. It used to be so large that a visitor could ride into the church on horseback. Alternately, a looter could simply bring in a cart to load up with valuables.,However, this entrance has now been reduced to a height of just over a meter. Therefore, I had to bend down significantly to enter the church. I believe that this act of bowing down to enter the church seems to add to the sanctity of the place. For Christians, it may act as a reminder of how God humbled himself to become man.,In the church’s cool, dark interior, I saw that the main Basilica of the Nativity was designed like a typical Roman basilica. There are five aisles formed by Corinthian columns, with an apse at the eastern end that contained the sanctuary.,Additionally, there were several ancient icons and wall mosaics, including renditions of the Virgin Mary and numerous angels. Plus, there were atmospheric chandeliers, lanterns, and crosses.,I also observed an Altar of the Kings, an Altar of the Virgin and a Chapel of the Nativity.  There was even an opening in the floor that allowed visitors to see mosaics of Emperor Constantine’s original church. In the south transept, I found a finely carved doorway that led me down to the Grotto of the Nativity. This is said to be the actual birthplace of Christ.,This sacred grotto is naturally of great religious significance to the Christian faith making it the major highlight of any visit here. It’s considered to be the oldest site continuously used as a place of worship in Christianity.,As I descended into the Grotto of the Nativity, it was difficult to take in much of my surroundings for there was such a large crowd all wanting to get into that very place. Patience was a necessity here.,Named after the “manger” where Christ was born, this busy square serves as a social center for Bethlehem and a traditional spot for the singing of Christmas carols by both locals and tourists. You’ll also find a gigantic Christmas tree here as the focal point for Bethlehem’s Christmas celebrations.,The main attraction in this square is the Church of the Nativity. However, next to it you’ll find the Chapel of Saint Catherine, where a flight of steps leads down into a cave system.,You’ll also find several restaurants and souvenir shops in the square. Some are appropriately named streets leading into the square, including “Star” and “Nativity”.,Nearby is a chapel that was built on the spot where Mary, Joseph, and Jesus hid from Herod’s soldiers at the time of the “Massacre of the Innocents”. The family eventually fled into Egypt. One story has it that a drop of Mary’s milk fell on the floor of the cave in which they were hiding and turned its color white.,As I entered/left Bethlehem, I encountered the controversial wall. This wall was built by Israelis as a temporary security measure at a time of heightened tension between Israelis and Palestinians. This barrier wall has drawn criticism from many human rights groups, but it’s still a reality for the residents of Bethlehem.,Near Bethlehem, I visited the village of Beit Sahour. This is where the shepherds were told of the birth of Christ while attending their sheep. They then went to Bethlehem to see the Christ-child for themselves.,There’s a shepherd fountain on site, the ancient fields themselves and the Church of Shepherds’ Field. The church resembles the structure of a shepherd’s tent. Inside this beautiful church, I found a mural of the shepherds hearing the good news of the birth of Christ.,The hymn, “O Little Town of Bethlehem”, was written in the 19th century by Phillips Brooks, an Episcopal priest, after he visited Bethlehem. At the time of this composition, he was the pastor of the Church of the Holy Trinity in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The hymn has remained popular to this very day.,For More Information:  www.bethlehem-city.org/en,Author’s Bio: John is a freelance travel writer and photographer who enjoys travelling the world and writing about his adventures. He has written weekly travel features for a group of community newspapers, presented several travelogues, and is the author of two major cycling books: “Cycling Canada” and “Cycling the USA”,The Fur Rendezvous Festival in Anchorage celebrates fur trade traditions of Alaska and provides a fun mid-winter break from cabin fever.,Burrrr! Furrrr! ,These two words sum up Fur Rondy, as this festival has become known—a celebration of life in Alaska. ,What began as a three-day sports tournament to kick the winter blues in the early days of Anchorage has morphed into Alaska’s largest winter festival that includes the start of the Iditarod.  ,In the mid-30s, Anchorage was a small town of about 3000 people. ,Winter was brutal up there in Chugach country. The first Fur Rendezvous got the residents outside participating in sporting events, bonfires and torchlight parades, and they welcomed trappers coming home with their winter’s bounty.,Hence, the name that honors the country’s fur trade heritage.,For centuries, Native Alaskans have braced against the cold by wearing animal fur to stay warm. They wear the skin side on the outside and the fur side closest to their bodies, insulating them from the coldest of temperatures. ,Big game hunting and trapping is still a way of life for many natives and also hugely popular with adventure-seeking tourists. Stiff rules regulate hunting for sport, and residents take priority over “alien hunters” for licenses. ,No one needs a license or even a ticket to attend most of the outdoor events of The Fur Rendezvous. Adventure in Alaska is readily available.,For 10 days, Anchorage is jumping with street festivities, such as Frostbite Footrace & Costume Fun Race, Outhouse Races, Outdoor Hockey, Snowshoe Softball and many more fun and traditional ways that Alaskans enjoy the wintry outdoors. ,More activities take place indoors, like ice shows, a melodrama and unique native culture and art shows. For visitors, it’s a good way to learn about the customs of our neighbors up north.,The Rondy Fur Auction has been one of the main events since the beginning, honoring Alaska’s third most valuable industry in those days. ,Skins of animals like fox, lynx, beaver and ermine are sold at auction to buyers who themselves often are dressed in animal fur, some with the animal heads still attached. ,The Rondy World Championship Sled Dog Race was added to the agenda in 1946. Not to be confused with the Iditarod, the Rondy race runs on a snow-packed course around downtown Anchorage on three consecutive days. ,Watching the dogs and their handlers up close gives one a better understanding of the physical and mental stamina these canine athletes must possess to compete in these races. ,Organizers hope both these popular events will be back for the 2022 Rondy. ,Coinciding with Rondy is the ceremonial start of the Iditarod Sled Dog Race—the most famous dog-sled race of all—that begins with an 11-mile parade through the city’s streets. ,With no special concessions for the gender of the mushers, the playing field is equal in this grueling race over 1,150 miles of jagged mountain ranges, frozen rivers and fields—the most desolate, harshest terrain between Anchorage and Nome, the trail’s end. ,Temperatures dip way below zero, winds can interfere with visibility, and there are long hours of darkness. The actual race (Restart) begins the next day in Willow, Alaska, about 50 miles north of Anchorage. ,The Iditarod Sled Dog Race race lasts from 10 to 17 days, depending on the speed of the dog team and its musher. ,Note: In 2021, mushers will start the race in Willow, bypassing the spectator-heavy ceremonial start in Anchorage on the last day of Rondy. ,“The dogs are the stars, the mushers are their coaches,” said Carolyn Muegge-Vaughan who ran her first race more than 30 years ago, when few women entered.

She later mushed with her husband, legendary explorer Norman Vaughan who had finished the race four times by age 88. ,Strict rules protect the dogs. “They are treated like royalty,” Muegge-Vaughan said, “and you are totally dependent on them. You must feed them 10,000 calories a day. ,On the trail, you bed them down on straw, check each paw for soreness or redness. If they get tired or sick, you drop them at checkpoint, and they are flown back to Anchorage.” ,The Iditarod Trail started as a mail and supply route from the coast to the interior mining camps. ,In 1925, part of the trail was used for bringing life-saving serum to Nome where diphtheria had become epidemic. ,A commemorative expedition, The Serum 25 Run from Nenana to Nome, is held each year with participants stopping in remote villages to talk about the importance of getting inoculations. ,The expedition is named after Norman Vaughan who died in 2005, four days after turning 100. ,Fur Rondy is always the last weekend of February and first weekend of March (furrondy.net). The ceremonial start of the Iditarod is always the first Saturday in March (iditarod.com).,Find a spot to stay, from a condo in the middle of town to a more private winter cabin, with VRBO. You can check out rental options here and have a place to feel completely at home while visiting Anchorage.,For more information, visit anchorage.net.,Author Bio: Claudia Carbone is an award-winning travel writer and member of the Society of American Travel Writers, North American Travel Journalists Assoc. and Denver Woman’s Press Club. Currently, her work is published in The Denver Post, Colorado Expression Magazine, London Sunday Telegraph’s Hotelegraph, GoWorldTravel.com, RealFoodTraveler.com, MtnTown Magazine and The Villager Newspaper. Her blog Sleepin’ Around covers any place you can sleep on vacation.,Have you ever wondered what your favorite artist’s home or studio may look like? Now you can see for yourself on a trip to the Northeast.,The Hudson River Valley and New England are especially rich in artists’ studios and homes, offering a behind-the-scenes opportunity to glimpse the motivations and settings that impacted creativity.,Edward Hopper’s haunting cityscapes are familiar to visitors to the Whitney Museum of American Art, but it’s his early home in Rockland County that provided much inspiration and context.,The Nyack countryside in New York gave him ample exposure to light and landscape, which he incorporated into his many depictions of city and country life in the 20th century.,The Edward Hopper House Museum & Study Center currently serves as an exhibition space for exhibitions relating to Hopper and works of various artists.,Where to Stay:,Hotel Nyack – Designed by the David Rockwell Group, Hotel Nyack is the first boutique, lifestyle hotel in Rockland County and part of the Joie de Vivre/Hyatt collection. The stylish rooms and spaces add a fitting design element to your art getaway.,The Castle Hotel and Spa – A short drive from Nyack,  The Castle Hotel and Spa in Tarrytown will inspire your creative muse with its original architectural elements. In an envious location overlooking the lower Hudson River Valley, the distinctive castle dates from 1897 and was designed in the style of a Norman fortification in Wales, Ireland and Scotland.,Thomas Cole is synonymous with the Hudson River School. It was Cole who gave birth to America’s first significant art movement and his landscapes occupy an important place in museums like the National Gallery, New York City’s Metropolitan Museum of Art and Boston’s Museum of Fine Arts.,After a visit to Cole’s beautiful Catskill home with its sweeping views of the Catskill Mountains, you might just be tempted to pause a while with your own sketchbook. The Thomas Cole National Historic Site features changing exhibits of landscape paintings.,In nearby Hudson, Frederic Edwin Church, the second important painter of the Hudson River School, established his family home, studio and estate. Unlike his teacher Thomas Cole, Church is best known for paintings of exotic locales instead of the local scenery that Cole favored.,Resembling a Hudson River School painting, the Olana State Historic Site covers 250 acres and includes Church’s Persian-inspired house with commanding views of the Hudson River Valley. On display are paintings by Church as well as other collected art.,Manitoga/The Russel Wright Design Center in Garrison invites visitors to spend time contemplating Wright’s seamless merging of indoor and outdoor design. This famous house, created by industrial designer Russel Wright, seems to flow effortlessly into beautiful gardens with waterfalls, an example of the modernist design he introduced to the world.,The setting was transformed from a ravaged industrial site into a spot for artistic creativity with miles of paths and views of the Hudson River.,Where to Stay:,The Maker Hotel – Newly opened in the artsy-Boho town of Hudson, The Maker Hotel is filled with vintage and current arts, crafts and works from local artisans and makers. A perfect complement to the artists’ homes in the Hudson River Valley, the hotel also has a notable dining room and fitness options.,The Berkshires,Another favorite area of artists, the Berkshires in western Massachusetts is the location of Chesterwood, the summer home, studio and gardens of lauded American sculptor Daniel Chester French. One of America’s foremost public sculptors, French created more than 100 monuments including the acclaimed Minute Man in Concord, Massachusetts and Abraham Lincoln at the Lincoln Memorial.,Many of the original plaster models and sculptures in bronze and marble can be viewed in his Stockbridge home. Visitors are welcome to wander the European-inspired gardens, particularly beautiful in the spring and autumn.,The next town over, Lenox, is the site of Bauhaus-inspired Frelinghuysen, the two-story white stucco and glass, modernist home of Suzy Frelinghuysen and George L.K. Morris, painters, collectors and founders of American Abstract Art.,The house is notable for its contrast to the “cottage”-type architecture found in the area. The house museum displays an extensive collection of mid-century art including the couple’s own cubist works.,Where to Stay:,The Inn at Kenmore Hall — The first summer arts colony in the Berkshires in the 1880s, Kenmore Hall in Richmond counted Daniel Chester French among its students. Today, the history-filled B&B has been lovingly restored by the former menswear designer of J. Crew with appropriate design and appointments for an intimate stay in a gorgeous setting near the attractions of the Berkshires.,Winslow Homer was inspired by the rough coastlines of Maine, particularly those in the southern part of the state. His studio, located on Prouts Neck in Scarborough, is overseen by the Portland Museum of Art.,If you walk along the peninsula and the beach, you’ll understand the chilly, rocky images that Homer painted. You might even recognize some the views from paintings at the Philadelphia Museum of Art Museum or Chicago Art Institute.,Homer spent 17 years at this location, living in the simple understated structure and painting from a balcony overlooking the ocean. To visit the studio, you must first stop at the Portland Museum of Art – a chance to see some of the artist’s paintings – and then board a shuttle to Prouts Neck.,As early as 1850, Monhegan Island in Maine had become a magnet for artists. The headlands of the remote island and its wild, car-free setting were a draw for creative souls, appealing with their natural beauty and simplicity.,Up steep Light House Hill, artist Rockwell Kent built a home and studio that was later used by artist James Fitzgerald and portraitist Alice Stoddard. Kent painted much of what he saw daily en plein air focusing on regional realism while Fitzgerald’s watercolor interpretations of the area were created from memory and sketched indoors.,Kent’s famous Winter, Monhegan Island is a stylized depiction, on view at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Artworks created by Fitzgerald and Stoddard are shown in the nearby Monhegan Museum of Art & History.,Where to Stay:,The Black Point Inn – On a sweep of beach on Prouts Neck in Scarborough, the classic Maine resort is a look into the relaxed history of the area.  With its waterfront location, traditional Maine dining, and classic architecture, the inn will help you understand why Winslow Homer chose this location for his studio.,The Island Inn  — You’ll understand why Monhegan Island appeals to artists when you stay at the inn. Overlooking the harbor with scenery that becomes the main event of the day, the Island Inn embodies simplicity, allowing the environs to remain the star of the show.,Simple rooms and a popular porch with rocking chairs along with Adirondack chairs on the lawn invite you to relax after a day of exploring the island and the art.,If all this has piqued your curiosity, The National Trust for Historic Preservation and writer Valerie A. Balint have created a guide that covers these areas and more, including detail and photos for 44 artists’ homes and working studios in 21 states.,New Zealand’s capital city has become a mecca for the eccentric and artistically inclined.,Tucked away in one of the world’s most picturesque mountain-encircled harbors, New Zealand’s stylish capital is an artsy, sophisticated and dynamic metropolis that offers a wide variety of historic and contemporary attractions.,A village-like atmosphere remains in Wellington’s center, and being only 1.25-miles (2 km) wide, due to it being sandwiched between mountains and sea, it is an exceptionally easy place for the visitor to traverse on foot. The compact city is divided essentially into quarters — the Lambton Quarter, the premier shopping street, lined with arcades, plazas and elevated walkways; the Willis Quarter, which has a mix of lifestyle shops; the Cuba Quarter, an exotic display of diversity and color with its fashion boutiques, antique shops and eclectic cafes; and the Courtenay Quarter, a buzzing 24-hour experience, from early morning brunch to shopping, lattes to champagne, innovative theatre to blockbuster movies.,The heart of Wellington is known as the “Miracle Mile” and stretches from the train station at the northern end of Lambton Quay to Cambridge Terrace. Civic Square, with its public buildings, open spaces, bars, theatres, street performers, outdoor concerts and exhibitions, is a natural meeting place for Wellingtonians and visitors alike. The ever-expanding Harbor-front is dominated by the City-to-Sea Bridge, a public art space full of sculptures, and by the New Zealand Academy of Fine Arts, housed in an historic building on Queen’s Wharf.,An easy way to get to know Wellington’s layout is by taking the cable car from Lambton Quay to the top of Mt Victoria — with superb panoramic views and a great vantage point for planning your trip (as long as the infamous wind is not too strong, this is an invigorating experience!). From here you can spot Katherine Mansfield’s (1888–1923, the most famous of NZ’s authors) authentically restored birthplace, the architecturally special Edwardian Neo-Classical Old Parliament Building, the landmark 1970’s “Beehive” ministerial building and the Gothic Cathedral. The city is surrounded by green-belt land. The Prime Minister’s residence, the Botanical Gardens and an observatory are all located here, as well as arguably the best coastal drive in NZ.,Wellington has always been the cultural heart of New Zealand, known for its spectacular art exhibitions and galleries. Its strong visual arts scene combines an international flavor with an intrinsic Pacific identity. The city is home to the Royal NZ Ballet, NZ Symphony Orchestra, NZ School of Dance and the excellent Te Papa Tongarewa (National) Museum, acclaimed to be the most advanced museum of its kind in the world. Inside, the interactive museum has enough exhibition space to cover three football fields, housing a huge carved Maori (New Zealand’s native peoples) meeting house, a collection of ornate Maori canoes, simulated earthquakes and a futuristic, ultra-modern house that would fit well into the year 2055. And as one would expect, this vibrant, culture-driven spot is host to many eclectic events throughout the year.,Culture takes center stage at the beginning of the year with the Summer City Festival of Free Outdoor Entertainment. (Remember you’re in the Southern Hemisphere!) This is a sun worshippers’ celebration of Wellington and its people, with concerts, Maori cultural events, festivals and film events. The arts come to the fore in late summer (February to March) at the biannual New Zealand International Arts Festival, the country’s most extensive and exciting multi-arts event. The creative splendor of the Cuba Quarter is also celebrated with the two-day Cuba Street Carnival, the country’s largest and most spectacular free street festival.,With autumn comes better weather, so March is the perfect time to hold the Wellington Dragon Boat Championships, when thousands converge on the waterfront. The Wellington Fashion Festival in September is an annual event of six days of seriously cool style and is followed by the Wellington International Jazz Festival in October.,And now one of the most uniquely entertaining events in the country is coming to stamp its high-heeled mark on Wellington this September and October. It is the 2005 World of Wearable Art Show (WOW), where the world of fashion extraordinaire makes Vivian Westwood look like K-mart. The event started in 1987 as a promotion for a small gallery in the town of Nelson, on the South Island, and has now gained an iconic status. With close ties to Wellington, from home-grown designers to the NZ School of Dance performers, it is fitting that the event will be staged in the Queen’s Events Center, the sparkling venue for the Lord of the Rings premiere.,Over six nights, a lavish array of more than 180 bizarre “garments” sashay down the catwalk. Think Mardi Gras, crossed with the Rocky Horror Picture Show and Milan Fashion Week. Entertainment abounds — the costumes, which range from the beautiful to the grotesque, are woven between extravagant theatrical displays, including a flame-eating magician, a gaggle of French nuns, fabulous drag queens, barroom brawls and live opera singers suspended from sumptuous silver clouds high above the audience.,Past shows have seen men parade in glittering 24-inch (60 cm) high platform shoes (eat your heart out, Naomi Campbell), and women strut their stuff whilst wearing the biggest, most ridiculously extravagant bras ever seen. Popular sections include the “Bizarre Bra” display, where the models have to dodge an on-stage barroom brawl and dancing flappers, all to the live accompaniment of the catchy song “Hey Big Spender.” The South Pacific Section encourages creations that take inspiration from traditional cultures to create a contemporary work of art. The Illumination Section has glowing knee-high boots dancing by themselves — through the illusions of UV light — and white dresses partying like they were in Disney’s musical Fantasia, full of inanimate objects cavorting with each other.,Each night, for two hours anything goes. In awesome displays of creativity, designers visually assault you using everything from gold wire, mirrors, clay, papier-mâché, shells and silk organza, to pipe cleaners, ping-pong balls, feathers, seatbelts, coat hangers, a boar’s head, rugby balls and live chickens in birdcages. The flamboyance and lavishness of each costume, combined with this inventive use of materials and attention to detail make for a fantastic sensory extravaganza. And as each year is bigger and better, it is one of the most wonderfully strange spectacles that you will ever have the privilege to see.,Often over-shadowed by the bigger city of Auckland, Wellington is now developing its own distinctive, cosmopolitan personality and artistic identity. And with the addition of events such as WOW, Wellington is fast becoming an Antipodean mecca for the culturally or eccentrically inclined.,If You Go,Wellington is at the southern tip of the North Island. All roads lead to Wellington and it is the departure point for the South Island. Wellington International Airport is only a 10-minute drive from the city center or nine hours from Auckland. The InterIsland Line and Bluebridge Cook Strait Ferry both cross between the North and the South Island up to nine times daily.,Where to eat,With more restaurants, bars and cafés per head than New York, dining out is an effortless gastronomic delight. Some of the best are:,Shed 5 (Queens Wharf) — Built in 1888 as a woolshed, it is now one of the oldest remaining wharf stores and Wellington’s finest seafood restaurant.,Bouquet Garni (100 Willis Street) — Built in 1902, the building has a colorful past, starting life as a doctor’s surgery and residence and later becoming a brothel known as The House of Ladies. The three stories offer increasing formality as you ascend from the ground floor wine bar to the main restaurant, then up to the top level Salon Privée.,The Matterhorn (106 Cuba Street) — Established in 1963 as an immigrant Swiss pastry shop, Matterhorn sets the benchmark for the finest and freshest of New Zealand’s music, dining, drink design and culture.,Dockside Restaurant & Bar (Queens Wharf) — One of Wellington’s most diverse venues with the ability to cater to every need.,Where to stay,Wellington has accommodations to suit all tastes and budgets. Inquire at the Wellington Tourist Office on the Corner of Wakefield & Victoria streets.,+ 64 48024860,+ 64 48024863 (fax),bookings@WellingtonNZ.com,www.WellingtonNZ.com,WOW 2005,There are eight performances in the 2005 Show season: September 23, 24, 25, 29 and 30, October 1 and 2, 2005. (Friday 23rd is the Awards Night. All Shows start at 8 p.m., except for the Sunday Night performances, which start at 6 p.m. On Saturday October 1, there is a 1 p.m. and an 8 p.m. show).,The venue is The Events Center, Queens Wharf, Wellington. Show ticketing enquiries (within New Zealand): 0800 4 WOW SHOW or enquiries@worldofwearableart.com www.worldofwearableart.com.,Get the free Entertainment guide The Package from any local café or bar for up-to-date information.,I am Rwandese by nationality and i have my owj groupe of dancers in Rwandan culture and also Burundian drum groupe. if you are interested we can join your Louisiane International Festival next year.
More information you can write to me through my e-mail and we make a plan.,Thank you.,Regards.,Wondering where to visit on your next trip to Serbia? Here are our picks for the best towns to visit in Serbia.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,People usually travel through Serbia quickly, thinking there aren’t many interesting places to see. That’s a shame, since this small county is quite diverse, offering a fun nightlife in the country’s capital on one hand and untouched nature on its beautiful mountains on another. ,It’s a small but lovely country in southeastern Europe whose lakes, rivers, and mountains are true heaven for nature lovers. ,Serbian capital Belgrade with its 2 million inhabitants, is a big business, educational and cultural center. Anyone who comes to Belgrade must visit the Kalemegdan fortress and experience the nightlife at the bohemian district Skadarlija or in one of the floating river nightclubs on the banks of the Sava River.,But, to learn more about Serbia, you will have to go outside Belgrade and look beyond the country’s capital by visiting small towns, villages, and natural beauties. ,There are unique attractions throughout Serbia you can not see anywhere else. We recommend visiting the Devil’s town on the south, a natural wonder created by erosion.,The Uvac River’s Canyon and its spectacular meanders, a nature reserve with a couple of hundred species of plants and over a hundred bird species, is also worth visiting. Another popular attraction is the Golubac fortress, a sightseeing point and interesting attraction on Danube boat tours.,If you want to enjoy the natural beauties of Western Serbia, such as lush forests, pastures, rivers, thrilling caves, and impressive viewpoints – mountains such as Zlatibor, Kopaonik, and Tara National Park are a must.,Serbia is an Orthodox country with a vast religious heritage best reflected in a large number of Orthodox monasteries. To better understand Serbian history, visit the Studenica Monastery from the 12th century, a UNESCO World Heritage Site built by Stefan Nemanja, the founder of the Medieval Serbian state.,As a Serbian myself, Serbs are welcoming and kind. However, they don’t appreciate being told what to do, and they are famous for trying to do the exact thing someone told them they couldn’t just to prove them wrong.,The most popular sports are definitely football, basketball, and tennis, and they watch games in a most passionate way. An occasion for celebration is easily found and backed up by a lot of food and rakia, a strong alcoholic drink made by many across the country.,Did you know that Novi Sad holds the title of European Capital of Culture in 2022? Novi Sad is the university center and the capital of the Serbian province of Vojvodina. Incredible architecture, together with the Danube river, gives the city a unique charm.,In the pedestrian zone in the city center, you can find a lot of cafes and admire beautiful buildings like the Serbian National Theater. Impressive St. Mary’s Catholic Church dominates the city’s main square.,Exit Music Festival is one of the best festivals in Europe and a brand of Novi Sad. Concerts are held every summer on a beautiful Petrovaradin Fortress.,Don’t forget to stroll through the beautiful Danube Park. If you visit Novi Sad during the summer months, you can also cool off and relax on the popular city beach Strand.,Sremski Karlovci is a small charming town located on the right bank of the Danube, not far from Novi Sad. The former Austro-Hungarian rule has left the legacy of a characteristic architectural style.,Visit the Patriarchate Court to see the exhibits related to the Serbian Orthodox Church. You can also see a beautiful Gymnasium building, which was of great importance for education in Serbia during the 18th and 19th centuries, with a large and significant library.,Nearby is the famous fountain of Cetiri lava (Four Lions), an attractive Instagram spot.,Sremski Karlovci is located near the National Park Fruska Gora, which is known as a paradise for wine lovers. There are numerous family wineries in the town and its surroundings, so if you enjoy wine tasting, make sure you visit some of them.,Subotica is located in the far north of Serbia, near Hungary. The city is recognizable by wonderful buildings built in Art Nouveau architectural style.,The biggest attractions are the City Hall and the main square with the Blue and Green fountain. Museum-lovers should visit the Modern Art Gallery called “Likovni susret” and the Municipal Museum. You can also see several beautiful Orthodox, Catholic, Jewish, and Muslim sacral buildings.,Only 15 minutes from Subotica is Lake Palic. Walk a beautifully landscaped promenade next to the water and enjoy excellent fish dishes in one of the many restaurants.,The area around Lake Palic is also known for viticulture. Some of the most famous Serbian wineries are situated here, such as Zvonko Bogdan Winery and Vinski Dvor. Stop by one of these wineries and enjoy some local wines.,Kragujevac is an industrial city located in the region of Sumadija, in central Serbia, known for FIAT car manufacturing. ,Visit the museum “Old Gun Foundry” to learn more about the rich industrial heritage of Kragujevac. There you can see old machines, tools, weapons, and other military equipment produced there, as well as exhibits about car production.,Interestingly, in the part of the city where old factory buildings are placed, a notable Arsenal Music Festival is held every June. We also recommend a visit to the Botanical garden and Aquarium. You can see many fish species, from those present in Serbian rivers and lakes to exotic tropical fish.,Kragujevac experienced enormous civilian suffering during the Second World War. You can visit Sumarice memorial park, built to remember all innocent victims. It will, undoubtedly, leave a strong impression on you.,You can also visit Topola, situated only an hour from Kragujevac. The Mausoleum of the Serbian Royal Karadjordjevic family is located there, on the Oplenac Hill. Sumadija is also known as “Serbian Tuscany” due to its numerous vineyards and wineries. So, don’t miss the chance to explore them and taste some of the most beautiful Serbian wines.,Sokobanja is a little town and a fresh air oasis located in eastern Serbia, between mountains Rtanj and Ozren. It is known for its health tourism and excellent conditions for treating respiratory problems.,You can bathe in the old Turkish Hamam or swim in a modern aqua park featuring pools and slides. There is also an open-air stage in the town’s center, where concerts and performances are organized in the evening.,The natural beauty surrounding Sokobanja is awesome! We recommend visiting Borici and Lepterije, Lake Bovan, and the Ripaljka waterfall. Those picnic areas are equipped with wooden tables and benches, fire pits, and freshwater sources.,There are also many trekking paths. One of the most popular is the 2 km long trail to Sokograd, the remains of the medieval fortification. Ruins are located on a hill, so you can enjoy a fantastic view of the surrounding forests.,Vrnjacka Banja has been a health resort for various diseases, thanks to numerous mineral water springs. The construction of modern wellness hotels made Vrnjacka Banja the most visited tourist place in Serbia.,The most attractive part of Vrnjacka Banja is the big garden area with beautifully decorated lawns and floral alleys. A small river flows through this cute town. A promenade with numerous cafes and restaurants where you can enjoy live music is next to it.,Vrnjacka Banja also has gorgeous surroundings, so we recommend a trip to Mount Goc or a visit to Ljubostinja, a medieval Orthodox monastery.,Nis is the third-largest city in Serbia. The main tourist attraction is the Nis fortress, near the Nisava river. The best time to visit Nis is in august when the famous Nisville Jazz Festival is held inside the fortress ramparts.,If you are looking for a delicious cuisine of Southern Serbia, cross the bridge, and you will quickly arrive in Coppersmith Aley (Kazandzijsko sokace) after a short walk. In the 18th century, that was a crafts street, but now there are many cafes and restaurants featuring excellent food. Make sure you try “burek” and “pljeskavica”.,Don’t forget to take a picture with the statue of novelist Stevan Sremac, Kalca – a character from one of his books and his dog Capa.,Visit Mediana Archaeological Park, where you can see the ruins of the Roman Emperor Constantine’s residence. Skull Tower is another famous location where you can see skulls from warriors that fought against the Ottomans.,We also recommend exploring the beautiful parks in Niska Spa Resort, hiking nearby Suva mountain, and mesmerizing amazing views from lookouts in Sicevo gorge.,Kladovo is a pretty town in the east of Serbia, on the border between Serbia and Romania, with only the Danube River between them. The Trajan’s Plaque (Tabula Traiana) and the ruins of the Trajan’s bridge and Diana fortress witness a rich heritage from Roman times.,The Ottoman fortress Fetislam was restored and now is the main tourist attraction in the city. You can see the most exciting items found from these sites in the Archaeological Museum in Kladovo.,We recommend you go on a day trip to the Blederije waterfalls and cruise the Danube through the Djerdap gorge. The best time to visit Kladovo is July when the Ethno festival is held. You can visit concerts, exhibitions and taste local food and beverages that present the cultural heritage of eastern Serbia.,When the film director Emir Kusturica built the scenography for one of his movies, he did not assume that it would become one of the most beautiful ethno villages in the world.,Drvengrad (Wooden town) is located on Mount Mokra Gora. You can see wooden houses connected by pedestrian paths, a church, a cinema hall, and a restaurant featuring a terrace with a magnificent view. Every January, Drvengrad is the home of the respectable Kustendorf film festival.,Mokra Gora is also known for the Sargan Eight, one of the most beautiful railway routes in Europe, which will take you through the most beautiful areas of Western Serbia during a 2-hour tourist train ride. ,We recommend visiting Visegrad town in neighboring Bosnia and Herzegovina as an excellent day trip adventure. There you can see an old bridge on the Drina river from the Ottoman period and another Kusturica masterpiece – stone town Andricgrad, dedicated to novelist and Nobel Prize winner Ivo Andric.,Bor is a town in eastern Serbia, with a rich mining heritage and beautiful nature in the city’s vicinity. The biggest attraction is an old surface mine, one of the biggest unnatural holes in Europe. The view from the lookout is grandiose!,Along the main city street, you can see mining exhibits and machines used in the copper mine.,Brestovacka Spa Resort, Stol mountain, and Borsko Lake (or Bor Lake) are green oases near the city, which provide a peaceful ambient with fresh air. The Lake is a very popular vacation destination during the summer months.,Also, make sure to visit an impressive Lazar’s canyon with breathtaking views and one of the longest caves in the Balkan, set up for tourist tours.,Read more about Serbia and other nearby destinations:,Start planning your off-the-beaten path adventure to Serbia today. You can get prepared with knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO reservations, local restaurant reviews and more through Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Have even more fun by booking unique activities in Serbia, skip-the-line tickets and expert-led tours through GetYourGuide. Find more information on these exciting events and book your dates in advance here.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,Visitors from all over the world attend Mongolia’s Naadam Festival to watch the original “Three Manly Sports.”,The man crouches low to the ground, one eye squinting, carefully taking aim before flicking his index finger off his thumb. The struck piece of sheep bone whizzes through the air and slams into the pyramid of anklebones assembled just for this very collision. The crowd applauds, and the competitor — modest in a typically humble Mongolian way — nods his head slightly in response. He stands and moves aside for the next shooter to take position.,Anklebone shooting is the newest event at the annual Naadam Festival just outside of Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, a country of north-central Asia between Russia and China. Established in 1921 to mark the anniversary of the nation’s independence from China, “Eriyn Gurvan Naadam,” as the festival is officially named, refers to the original “Three Manly Sports” involved: wrestling, archery and horse racing. Today, little boys in Mongolia grow up dreaming of becoming a wrestler, an archer, or perhaps a sheep-bone shooter.,Naadam draws an audience from all over this rugged country, as well as a fair number of foreign tourists. Every year, the festival occurs on and around July 11 to honor the anniversary of the Mongolian Revolution. Most events take place over three days, supplemented by cultural programs sponsored by the Arts Council of Mongolia.,At the entrance to the stadium where the opening ceremonies are held, it is difficult not to notice the strange juxtaposition of traditional culture and modern style. Young Mongolians from Ulaanbaatar, the capital and the largest city (population 735,000), are decked out mostly in Western-style clothing — shorts, jeans, T-shirts, sneakers.,The older generations, however, and people who come in from the countryside, dress in traditional garb. Men on horseback weave stoically through the crowds, heads held high in velvet-trimmed caps, bodies draped in elegant and colorfully embroidered coats, feet protected by pointy leather boots that curl up at the toe. Women, their silky black hair braided to the middle of their backs, wear similar costumes in a rainbow of colors. They stand tall and proud, a characteristic evident in most Mongolian faces. These are the descendants of the mighty Chinggis Khan, who is still ceremoniously honored every year at the opening festivities.,Last July, over 500 wrestlers competed at the 83rd Naadam Festival. The competitors sat waiting on the side of the wrestling rings as Mongolian President Bagabandi presented the opening speech. Afterward, the first of eight grueling rounds of wrestling began.,One little wrestler drew significant attention from the crowd, even though he wasn’t there to compete. Only about one-quarter the size of the smallest competitor, this toddler was dressed in identical garb to the competitors — hat, loincloth, boots, and all. His grandfather chased him around the field as he scampered about, the crowd egging him on. Perhaps someday he, too, will be a champion.,Each successful competitor at Naadam performs a traditional victory dance: a slow-motion sequence reminiscent of an eagle’s flight. The wrestler raises his arms out to the sides and high above his shoulders, wings soaring, and lifts each knee chest-high before slowly stepping forward. He circles around the country’s flag in this graceful ceremonial gesture before returning ringside to await his next opponent.,After watching a few matches, many fans venture out to the archery area. The stands fill up quickly, and finding a spot on one of the benches can be a challenge. Male and female archers alike stand in a line, poised to shoot at the distant bull’s-eyes. Spectators watch silently as each arm draws back the bow and each arrow glides through the air to its target. Much less a show of testosterone, this sport depends on precision and grace.,Right outside the archery grounds is the bone-shooting tent, where the audience again observes a show of meticulousness as one competitor after another strives to knock down the anklebone pyramid.,The second morning of the festival, crowds travel toKhui Doloon Khudag, the horseracing field, located about 45 minutes outside the city. Khyazaalan andSoyolon, the races for 4- and 5-year-old horses, are highlights of the festival. Young boys and girls, themselves only 5 to 13 years old, jockey horses, often bareback, for about 15 miles (25 km). As the horses come into view, the once-tranquil crowd becomes frenzied, pushing for a better view.,The speed and stealth of the horses is astounding, particularly considering the distance they have already covered at this same cadence. The audience roars as the horses sprint across the finish line, their tiny riders hanging onto their manes and kicking as hard as they can. Occasionally a horse will suffer an injury or, as happened last year, a fatal heart attack from the tremendous exertion. For the most part, though, this is a glorious moment for both rider and horse, as a year’s preparation pays off with cheers from the lively fans.,In the afternoon, back in Ulaanbaatar, the Mongolian president returns to the stadium to present awards for the best archers and anklebone shooters. Winners of the horse races have ridden into the city and parade around the ring. The skilled child jockeys are given prizes for their accomplishments.,Wrestling matches continue through the evening, followed by an awards ceremony during which the president commends the new national champion — a coveted prize and honor. A speech is given, and nine white banners representing the nine Mongol tribes are paraded back to the State House. Another Naadam Festival has ended.,The celebration is not over, though. Tourists and locals storm the bars and celebrate with toast after toast of cold beer and vodka. The festival is exhausting, but rest can always wait for morning. After all, tomorrow is just another day.,If You Go,Mongolian Tourism Association,www.travelmongolia.org,Mongolian Tourism Board,www.mongoliatourism.gov.mn,Arts Council of Mongolia,www.artscouncil.mn, ,Famous Buddhist monk, Kukui, built a monumental temple for his sect in the mountains. Take a virtual tour to explore more of Kongobuji, the most famous temple in Japan.,There is a famous Buddhist monk whom most Japanese, including elementary school students, know. His name is Kukai and he was an existential monk from 774 to 835. He went to China in 804 to master Buddhism and founded a new religious sect in Japan after returning in 806.,His accomplishments are too numerous to mention, but building a new temple for his sect in a mountainous region is the deed most known by ordinary Japanese people.,It is the Kongobuji temple, the head temple of Koyasan Shingon, or “mantra,” Buddhism, and is located on Mount Koya in Wakayama prefecture. Surrounded by 1,000-meter (3,280-foot) mountains, its name means Temple of the Diamond Mountain Peak. Kongobuji is part of the Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,Kongobuji temple is known as the ecclesiastic head temple of Koyasan Shingon Buddhism. It is located on Mount Koya, Japan. Being a really big temple, it has 117 related religious buildings, including Okunoin, the mausoleum of Kukai.,This Most Famous Temple of Japan is part of the “Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range” UNESCO World Heritage Site,Some devotees wish that Kukai were still alive in the mausoleum, Most Famous Temple of Japan. He succeeded in the attainment of Buddhahood during life and had been praying for all living things inside of the building for more than 1,200 years.,Surprisingly, meals for him are prepared every morning and evening. A high-ranking monk and his followers carry a wooden box containing meals, and only the high-ranked monk, called Ina, can step inside into the place where Kukai might exist. No one knows what happens inside and what sits or lies flat. Such mysterious ceremonial rites, however, create an atmosphere of solemnity around the place.,The front approach to the mausoleum is also designated as one of the World Heritage Sites. Along the 2-kilometer (1.24-mile) path lined with more than 1000 Japanese cedar trees, about 200,000 graves are densely packed in the woods, including historical feudal warlords and imperial family members. ,Broadly speaking, the whole temple site of the Kouya-san mountain is divided into two areas. One is the temple town where a lot of small temples and related buildings are forested, and the other is the sacred cemetery where tons of graves, including one for the founder Kukai, exist.,Both areas attract international travelers, but the latter, Okuno-in is, in particular, evaluated as one of the most fantastic destinations in Japan.,A small bridge, the Ichino-hashi bridge, connects the two areas and is the way to reach the entrance to Okuno-in. After walking for 30 minutes, you will find a second small bridge named the Gobyono-hashi bridge. The bridge is the official entrance to the most sacred zone, and you cannot take any pictures after crossing the bridge. Just memorize the scene in your mind.,The Kouyasan mountain including the Kongobuji temple and Okuno-in is surrounded by mountains in the Wakayama prefecture. Wakayama is a southern part of the Kansai region including Osaka, Kyoto and Nara, and is close to the Kansai International Airport (KIX). ,If you plan to visit the most famous temple of Japan, while visiting the Okuno-in, you can easily get there from the KIX by a direct limousine bus. A 105-minute-drive will bring you to the World Heritage Site. The one-way transportation fee is 2,000 yen ($18) per adult. ,Even from Kyoto, the one-way highway bus runs every day. A 160-minute drive from the JR Kyoto station will take you to the Koya-san mountain. The one-way transportation fee is 2,500 yen ($22) and round-trip tickets are 4,500 yen ($40). The buses are very simple and economical. ,More About Koya-san – http://www.sea.sannet.ne.jp/namikiri-nanin/,Author Bio: Masayoshi Sakamoto（坂本正敬）is a Japanese writer and translator based in Toyama, Japan. He writes news and columns for a number of publications and web magazines. He’s also preparing to become editor in chief for a new regional online magazine, Hokuroku.,With dozens of temples to see, you’ll need to pace yourself at Angkor Archeological Park,Our English-speaking guide, 28-year-old Hang Hak, bowed reverently in Buddhist tradition to his elders, my husband Ernie and me. Along with our tuk-tuk driver, Yang Chan, we set-off on our private, two-day exploration of ancient Buddhist and Hindu temples that dot the landscape of Siem Reap, Cambodia.,The primeval site of Angkor Wat, the seventh Wonder of the World, had been on our bucket list for decades. Excitement spilled from our open-air, fringed roof cart, hitched to the back of Chan’s motorbike.,We made the required stop at the Angkor Conservation Area, 4 kilometers (2.4 miles) from city center, the only venue to offer valid government-issued tickets for the Angkor Wat Archaeological Zone, which covers 400 sq. kilometers (about 99,000 acres) and 1,000 temples. Local scam travel agencies sell reduced price vouchers, but officials confiscate these illicit tickets at the first entrance point.,Tourists filled the legitimate reception hall to obtain non-transferrable entry permits, with web-cam I.D. photos attached. The $37 one-day pass limits exploration, but a $62 three-day pass, valid for one week, or the economical $72 seven-day pass, valid for one month, help to avoid “temple fatigue.”,Our weary bones and overloaded brains would soon understand that term, as time constraints required us to climb temples for two consecutive days.,Regular I.D. scrutiny to enter every temple made these flimsy paper stubs our most valuable possessions. They needed protection from the humidity and sweat dripping from our faces and a convenient enough place to produce them at every turn.,I tucked them into a small compartment of my day pack. Hak cautioned, “You don’t want to know what happens if you lose your ticket.”,To ease gushes of anticipation, we shared snippets of our lives in route to Angkor Wat. I explained that I teach English to Mexican adults, and Hak bowed even lower with palms together than he had before.,Buddhist tradition provides five levels of bowing, and the gesture when meeting a teacher ranks second behind bowing to Buddha. I felt honored by his respect.,His mother, 66, and his father, 69, live hours from Siem Reap, and still work their small rice field in rural Cambodia. Hak looked off in the distance, as if reliving the joy of visits to them in between his tour guide duties.,When he learned that his father and my husband were the same age, a broad, comforted smile spread across his gentle, olive-skinned face. “Well, you could be my Papa for two days,” he beamed, “and I’ll have a Mama teacher. I will be so happy.”,From that moment on, Hak called Ernie Papa. It rang with sweet tenderness, and I smiled every time the reference spilled from his lips. I watched as son and father walked side by side, Hak revealing his wealth of knowledge and Ernie soaking up the history. I felt endeared to this young man, so eager to please, so protective, so excited to share ancient secrets of his country.,Hak and his adopted parents alighted from the tuk-tuk and followed the throngs on the dirt road parallel to the wide moat that protected the ancient religious site from early invaders. A single-file orange string of,Buddhist monks, wrapped in their swaddling bright saffron meditation cloths, shaved heads and flip-flops, sprinted by on their pilgrimage to the temple.,Then I saw it. The reflection of five carved lotus-flower towers in the clear moat waters caught me unprepared. This colossal structure, that had only been a photograph, a dream for decades, stood ready to astound.  Wonderment and awe stirred within me.,As we maneuvered the 350-meter (1,150-foot) processional walkway, Hak explained that most tourists mistakenly believe Angkor Wat refers only to this massive three-tiered pyramid crowned by lotus bud- like towers, whose image appears on the Cambodian flag.,“Actually,” he said, “Angkor Wat means City of Temples and encompasses hundreds of structures.,The main temple within that collection, the one that adventurers worldwide seek, was named Angkor Wat Temple.” The Cambodian constitution prohibits construction of any building taller than the highest 65 meter (213 foot) tower of this 900-year-old architectural masterpiece.,Originally built by Khmer King Suryavarman II in 1150 as a Hindu temple, it was converted to a Buddhist site at the end of the 12th century. Considered the largest religious monument in the world, Angkor Wat Temple was never abandoned as a religious center.,In 1898, France reclaimed the buildings from the invasive jungle and in 1992 Angkor Wat City received recognition as a UNESCO Heritage Site. More than five million visitors invade the Angkor Wat Archaeological Park every year.,As we entered the sacred grounds, Hak advised that we should stay on marked paths. “Most of the landmines laid by the Khmer Rouge Pol Pot regime between 1975 and 1979 have been removed,” he said, “but you never know.”,We had seen many Cambodians missing arms or legs on our stroll through Siem Reap center the night before, and these images flashed through my mind. These reverent, respectful and gentle people have been victims of such atrocities. I cringed at the thought of U.S. bombings of this country from 1969 to 1973.,We struggled for nimble legs as the task of temple exploration began. We moved cautiously through uneven passage ways on which intricate carvings depicting ancestral daily life had been etched into the stone: Fighting warriors, kings riding elephants, multi-headed dancing nymphs called asparas, carvings of the female celestial being, DeVata, and the seven-headed, fan-like cobra, Naga, which protected Buddha from the rains.,Every inch of this massive temple had been carved in bas-relief and Hak explained each scene in excruciating detail. I felt brain overload already.,The narrow, steep, slippery, loose, uneven stones of the temple’s ceremonial stairs to the second and third levels waited to be scaled. I had to dig deep for balance, courage and focus on each step.,The scary ascent didn’t compare to the terrifying descent. Several staircases around the temple’s base had been closed off because of accidents. I prayed to Buddha all the way down.,Other temples beckoned. Chan drove us to adjoining Angkor Thom, the 105 sq. kilometer (25,946 acre), 12th century capital city of the Khmer Empire. Bayon Temple, a massive structure of 54 stone towers, emerged through the jungle.,Mysterious, 3 meter (9.8 foot) faces carved into the four sides of each tower gave the eerie sensation of 216 pairs of eyes watching me at every turn. I never even heard of Bayon and yet this mystifying architectural style appeared more magnificent than Angkor Wat Temple. It seemed a betrayal to even think this.,This structure dedicated to Khmer’s most prolific builder, Jayavarman VII, presented more climbing challenges to the central, circular third-level tower. And so it went, temple after temple. With 1,000 structures, exploration never ends.,The oppressive humidity and late-afternoon heat zapped our earlier excitement. Although each temple had its own individual significance, our brains could no longer decipher the differences.,Who could remember the complicated names of these kings, and by now who cared? We suffered a severe case of “Temple Fatigue.” We dragged along, legs screaming, and clothes wringing wet. Ernie approached Hak and pleaded, “Hak, we’ve had enough for one day.”,Our “boy” looked dismayed, like he would be deprived of his greatest revelation. “Just one more temple, Papa; just one more and I promise, Papa, you will thank me for it,” Hak put his arm around Ernie’s shoulders to soften his request.,“OK, one more,” Ernie relented, “but it better be incredible.” Hak beamed.,Chan dropped us off at the entrance to Ta Prohm. The long walk deep into the jungle magically transformed cranky elders into eager children. The late-afternoon shadows and the thick tangled forest lowered the temperature to bearable.,Tourists not needing to cram 100 temples into two days were back at their hotels, relaxing by the pool. Sharing the space with only a few others, we cherished the sound of the jungle, birds and monkeys chattering, rather than the shouts and squeals from busloads of tourists. Ta Prohm unveiled itself as the best yet.,Intentionally left to the jungle – no reclaiming or restoring of this temple – we walked into an Indiana Jones movie set, with the roots of century old banyan trees and silk cottonwoods encompassing entire structures.,Entering the site through a narrow slit in the roots, we observed a 100-foot tree that secured the stones of the temple wall with its constricting tentacles.,Hak couldn’t wait to reveal his surprise. “Scenes from the movie ‘Lara Croft and the Tomb Raider,’ starring Angelina Joilie, were shot right here,” he said with pride that his country’s treasures back-dropped an American film.,I could see the action, through the truth of the jungle and actual ancient ruins. The entire site, stone blocks tumbling, buildings crumbling, leaning, deteriorating, all held in suspension by virtual miles of thick roots. The jungle trees encased every structure, every passageway, every corner and crevice of this Buddhist temple built for the mother of Jayavarma VII.,Nature preserved this site with natural strength. I loved every inch of Ta Prohm, more than Bayon, more than Angkor Wat.,Hak wanted to end our first day of temple exploration at this awesome site. The next morning we would do it all over again and hear the same refrain, “Just one more temple, Papa.”,Hak, our guide, and Chan, our tuk-tuk driver, were waiting in the lobby, fresh as morning lotus flowers, as we descended the hotel steps.,“Did you have a good rest, Papa and Mama? Are you ready to see more temples? Our first stop, Banteay Srei, is 30 kilometers (about 19 miles) away, so we should get started,” Hak advised with his pervasive cheerfulness.,Although eager to experience more of Cambodia’s secrets, Ernie and I had misjudged the lingering effects of our romp through the streets of Siem Reap the night before. I recounted our “city adventure” to Hak while we drove.,Upon yesterday’s return, I headed to the hotel’s spa for a one-hour foot reflexology massage. The unbelievable price of $12 rejuvenated me to an even higher state of relaxation.,The beautiful, young masseuse erased muscle aches that had flared going up and down ancient staircases, and her skillful hands relieved my “temple fatigue.”,Invigorated and refreshed, I coaxed Ernie. “Let’s see what Siem Reap has to offer at night.”  Our hotel’s location two blocks from center city provided the opportunity for a leisure walk to town. We found that “leisure” might be a stretch.,The lower humidity that came with evening shadows greeted us as we headed out. We picked our way along the uneven and broken sidewalk, which soon disappeared. We found ourselves walking in the same space designated for scooters, cars, tuk-tuks and pedestrians.,The roadside, littered with cans, bottles and paper wrappings, required precise attention to every step. Exposed cables and pipes waited to trip the unprepared tourist.,We needed to cross the traffic-clogged street, but I sensed something different from this scene to one similar in Hanoi. There, a surge of motorbikes raced through every thoroughfare, and walking from one side to the other played like a near-death experience.,Siem Reap motorists pressed the gas pedal with a lighter foot, displayed less frenzy and allowed us to cross over without fear for our lives.,Onward to the Old French Quarter, we trudged over the bridge that spans the polluted, foul-smelling city river. Four metal arches trimmed in bright star-shaped lights, in between lamp posts with curved necks and lily-pad flower shades, brightened the way.,At the river’s edge, locals swarmed The Old Market, Phsar Chas, making last-minute purchases of meat, vegetables and rice before vendors closed for the night. Without refrigeration in their homes, food shopping remains a daily chore.,As we drifted through the aisles, strings of pork sausages and dried fish hung from the rafters. I wondered how hundreds of merchants could make a living, since most stands sold the same products. The outer stalls dedicated to souvenirs, textiles, silk and T-shirts, remained open to lure tourists who had been temple climbing all day.,Thousands of visitors filled the city’s center. Drivers of idle tuk-tuks approached every passer-by offering rides. Signs in English promoted Angkor Draft Beer for $1, all-night happy-hour cocktails for $2 and body massages for up to $7. A good time would come at a cheap price, and overindulgence seemed inevitable.,On our way to Pub Street, where Cambodian delicacies sizzled in chic, two-story, open-air restaurants, fish pedicures grabbed our attention. Rows of long, clear tanks, teeming with toothless, red garra (doctor fish), advertised “Feed our hungry fish with your dead skin.,No piranhas!” For $3 takers got a cold beer or Coke, plus 20 minutes of feisty fish munching the dead skin off the bare feet that dangled in the tank. I just couldn’t do it.,After carousing up and down “restaurant row,” we settled on Khmer barbecue for the Cambodian dining experience called “fire mountain.” A portable, dome-shaped, steno-lighted cooker was placed centrally on our table. Servers brought bowls of cabbage, leeks, fresh generic greens and a plate of raw beef, chicken, crocodile and shrimp pieces.,The vegetables stewed in broth added to the trough around the dome, as we cooked our own meat and shrimp on top of the flame. What fun we had. Universal answer for exotic meats: yes, crocodile tasted like tough chicken.,We headed to the “night market,” where local teenagers carried trays of fried tarantulas, scorpions and ugly-looking spiders, and encouraged us to try these tasty, Cambodian treats.,In Mexico, I live alongside of — and shriek at — scorpions, spiders and tarantulas. I wasn’t about to eat them. I settled on something more palatable: fried ice cream, made with bananas, chocolate chips and cream scraped together until solid on a frozen pan.,Hak laughed at our Cambodian cultural escapade, but resumed his specialty, history, having arrived at our destination. Built in 967, Banteay Srei, called the Citadel of Women, ranks as the oldest and most remote temple in the Archaeological Zone.,Pink hues radiated from red sandstone block walls, and intricate carvings, considered the finest and best preserved of all Angkor Wat monuments, dazzled onlookers. Although no evidence exists that women actually lived here, it is thought that Banteay Srei was built by female laborers. Originally dedicated to Hindu Gods Vishnu and Shiva, Buddhists worshipped here later.,On our way back to Siem Reap, we stopped at two jewels, Ta Som and Preah Khan, both revealing exotic jungle atmospheres, both with leaning structures encased by banyan tree roots, and both largely ignored by tourists.,No hordes or busloads at Ta Som, just the three of us. The early-morning calls of jungle birds, the audible snaps of crackling twigs underfoot, and towering trees sheltering us from the sun’s harsh rays left me speechless.,Without crowd distraction, I could envision these as spots to come and pray. Preah Khan Temple, built in honor of Jayavarman VII’s father in 1191, supported more than 100,000 commonplace people who lived there and serviced an early hospital on site.     ,When I headed for the tuk-tuk, a young Cambodian boy raced after me with trinkets for sale. We had been advised not to buy anything from children, as the Cambodian Mafia extorted street urchins to harass tourists to buy souvenirs.,Responding to these kids only perpetuated the problem. As I paid more attention to discouraging him and less attention to getting into the cart, a rusty bolt jutting out from underneath the tuk-tuk stabbed into my shin bone.,Blood spurted down my leg. Ernie quickly removed his sweaty bandana from around his neck and tied it above the wound as a tourniquet. Chan turned pale and Hak cried out, “Oh, no, Mama.”,Chan lifted the cart’s seat and removed a dusty roll of gauze that must have waited there for years to come to the rescue. He attended to my leg with such tenderness that the pain eased with each wrap-around of the dirty bandage.,Between the sweaty neckerchief and grey-looking gauze, the bleeding slowed. I worried “Has it been 10 or 20 years since my last tetanus shot?”,With my leg begging for less activity, we made a deal with Hak. No more temples. We had seen the largest, earliest, most visited and most ignored; ones reclaimed from the jungle, and thankfully, ones entangled in vines and vegetation.,We wanted to fill the remainder of the day with a boat ride on Tonle Sap Lake, known for clusters of floating villages, where people live in ramshackle structures afloat or built on top of long stilts anchored in the water.,We could not leave Cambodia without observing how thousands of people, completely dependent on the ecosystem of the largest freshwater lake in Southeast Asia, survive.,Hak agreed but cautioned that we didn’t have time to make the two-hour drive to Kampong Khleang, the lake’s most authentic village. Instead, we could drive 15 kilometers (9.3 miles) to Chong Khneas, but snares existed.,This area receives the most tourists, but widespread pollution, overharvesting fish and depletion of important mangrove swamps present major issues. “Privately-owned tourist boat companies do not share profits with the floating villagers, so expect tourist traps by the lake residents,” Hak advised. “But you can witness their daily lives.”,After considering the drawbacks, we still wanted a glimpse. Hak supplied data en route. Tonle Sap Lake, which connects to the complex Mekong River system, measures 250 km (155 miles) long and 100 km (62 miles) wide.,In the rainy season from June to October, the lake’s water volume increases five-fold, and the flow reverses with the flood waters backing up from the Mekong. The world’s most productive ecosystem, the lower Mekong Basin remains central to Cambodia’s food supply and had been essential for the ancient Angkorean civilizations.,Chong Khneas, a Tourist Mecca` Once Hak procured our boat and driver, the sights, sounds and smells of Chong Khneas captured the moment. The muddy-colored lake, with plastic trash bobbing on top, looked uninviting. Two naked children in a dug-out canoe near their floating barge-home jumped happily into the water, oblivious to its pollution. This had always been their “normal.”,As we sped along, an entire village unfolded on opposite banks: Make-shift residences, schools, churches, grocery stores, a basketball court, and even a crocodile farm and museum, all rocked back and forth from tourist motorboat waves that lapped into the mangrove swamps.,Each floating structure had dilapidated rubber tires attached to its perimeter at water’s level. The lake’s residents paddled their way to do daily errands. A young boy guided his small boat to the school’s wharf; a group of head-scarfed, chatty women rowed up alongside the church; an old woman worked her traveling restaurant up and down the lake, her dug-out filled with huge caldrons of steaming rice and fried fish.,She hollered out her message like hucksters who delivered fish, eggs and vegetables to my grandmother’s house.,Huge nets filled with crushed aluminum cans and plastic bottles hung from the sides of homes whose residents respected the fragile ecosystem, while others threw trash directly into their liquid garbage dump.,Hak reminded us that the fish from this lake provide the largest portion of Cambodia’s food supply. I made a mental note to never order fresh fish from any local menu. A meshed, submerged pen waited next to every bungalow to catch fish for the family’s daily consumption.,People bathed, washed clothes and played in this water. What about the “unseen,” I thought. What about human waste disposal? What about disease and illnesses brought by lack of sanitation? What about the monsoons, when people live in the middle of flood waters?,Our boat driver slowed and moored alongside a huge wharf. Hak gave us his sly look which we had come to know. “Tourist trap city,” he quipped.  We jumped from the boat to the wooden barge and onto the visitor mecca of Chong Khneas.,It looked like one of the trinket shops in Siem Reap, except for a huge hole off to the right, where a dozen 8-12-foot crocodiles lazed one on top of the other. Their shallow “bathtub” of dirt, garbage and twigs made reptilian life less than desirable.,As soon as we boarded, we watched a dug-out with a woman at its helm, skimming across the water toward her “gold-mine foreigners.” Her young son stood naked in the canoe center, a python double the size and weight of the child hanging around the boy’s neck, and the remainder of the snake coiled in the boat’s flat bottom.,Hak whispered, “She’s Vietnamese people. They come up the Mekong and settle here illegally. I think the python must be tame.” From Hak’s tone of voice, it seemed that Cambodians also struggle with illegal immigration problems. Every country with a border has its own movement issues, even if that border is a river.,I wondered how a “tame” python acts and who makes the decision when to drape one around a child. The mother shook her fist at tourists, who took photos of “son and snake” without throwing money into the canoe. Exploitation of children saddens me whenever I see it. Time to leave, I motioned to Hak.,Despite my negative reaction to Tonle Sap Lake, I was enamored with Cambodia. I loved the gentleness of the people, their dedication to their religion and their insight into preserving the past for the benefit of the future. But I will never forget the sound of Hak calling Ernie Papa.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric field work in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”    ,From top beaches to snorkeling, whale watching and more, Oahu is a virtual outdoor playground for visitors to the island.,Aloha! Welcome to Hawaii, the world’s longest island chain and a favorite playground for many. ,Oahu, the third-largest and the most-populous of Hawaii’s seven islands, is the capital of Hawaii, which became the 50th U.S. state in 1959 after existing as a monarchy and later a U.S. territory.,The island’s major city, Honolulu, is world-famous for Waikiki Beach on the south shore of Oahu, a neighborhood as well as a 2-mile stretch of eight beaches with soft, white sand. ,What is there to do in Oahu? ,Can you imagine Hawaii without Polynesian food, dancing and flower wreaths around your neck? Of course, you can’t because it’s a trademark of Hawaii.,Along with the variety of colors comes a cheerful atmosphere. Luau is a dance party held to celebrate beautiful events such as birthdays and weddings. You can spend a wonderful evening on the beach with rhythmic music and dancers.,Some of the best luau events are Paradise Cove Luau and Royal Hawaiian Luau. Alia Luau, which is held at the Polynesian Cultural Center, is also worth seeing.,On Dec. 7, 1941, Japanese planes sunk 12 ships in the surprise bombing attack of Pearl Harbor. Bombs killed more than 2,000 Americans. This tragedy marked the entry of the United States into World War II.,You can see the USS Bowfin Museum and learn more about the submarine used in the war, the Pearl Harbor Aviation Museum and the USS Battleship Missouri, the site of the surrender of Japan, which ended World War II.,The USS Arizona Memorial, which straddles the sunken hull of the battleship, is visited by 2 million people a year, wanting to pay tribute to the fallen soldiers from the ship of the same name. These memorials make up the unique Pearl Harbor National Memorial, which you can visit for free.,You can reserve a spot on the Official USS Arizona Memorial Narrated Audio Tour in advance for your trip dates here.,When James Dole started selling pineapples at a roadside stall, he had no idea his business would become one of Hawaii’s symbols. Located on Oahu’s North Shore, Dole Plantation is a popular place where you can learn all about pineapples.,The Pineapple Express Train will take you on a guided tour of the property. As a part of the Plantation Garden Tour, you will learn more about the development of the plantation and pineapples’ cultivation.,Here’s a quiz question: Do you know where the world’s largest maze of pineapples is located? The answer is Oahu, Hawaii. The great Pineapple Garden Maze was included in the Guinness Book of World Records in 2008 as its most gigantic labyrinth.,Since 1901, when the first hotel was built, Waikiki Beach has become the most- visited place on Oahu. Waikiki consists of eight smaller beaches and is known for its calm water, numerous hotels, shops and restaurants nearby.,Be sure to join the Eco-Friendly Morning Whale Watching Excursion. Start your day at Waikiki Beach spotting whales in a luxury Catamaran. Book your whale-friendly adventure here.,On Waikiki, you can see a statue of Duke Kahanamoku, who grew up in Waikiki and wasa champion swimmer and surfer, who introduced Hawaii to the world as an excellent destination for surfers. Other attractions worth visiting, which are a minute or two from the beach, include Waikiki Aquarium and Honolulu Zoo located in Kapiolani Park.,From December to April, many whales come from Alaska’s cold water to the warm waters of Hawaii to breed during the winter months. That is the perfect opportunity to book a boat ride that you’ll remember and see large humpback whales emerging from the water. For the locals, this is the biggest attraction of the year.,Ideal places for whale watching are on the southeast side of Oahu’s island, near the coast. ,Hanauma Bay is where you can best experience Hawaii’s picturesque underwater world you. This place is perfect for diving and exploring marine life. You can see different species of tropical fish and beautiful corals. Sharks Cove and Kahe Point are also great places for diving. You can rent a snorkel, diving mask, and fins and embark on an exciting adventure of exploring the underwater world of Hawaii.,Oahu also has excellent locations for scuba diving if you are more experienced and in better physical condition. One of the best is Magic Island, on the south shore, where you can see green sea turtles and manta rays.,You’ll also find excellent scuba diving or fishing near the famous Makaha Beach on the Leeward Coast.,Can you imagine yourself on a beach with fine white sand, looking at the calm turquoise ocean and the mountains in the distance? Lanikai, which means “Heavenly Ocean,” is located on the Windward coast of Oahu and is one of the most beautiful beaches in the world. If you are looking for a nice place for swimming or snorkeling, Lanikai Beach is a great choice.,There is another outstanding beach nearby. Kailua Beach has an almost constant water temperature throughout the year, so it is a fantastic place for water sports such as surfing and kayaking.,On Oahu’s north shore, surfing reigns supreme. At Waimea Bay Beach Park, you can watch top surfers overcome the high waves. ,The best way to experience the beauties of the magnificent island of Oahu is from the air. A helicopter ride over Waikiki Beach, Hanauma Bay, and Diamond Head is an unforgettable experience worth every dollar!,See every inch of the magical island from the biggest attractions to picturesque waters from above on the 60-Minute Helicopter Tour of Oahu. Make the trip unforgettable and book this tour before your dates are filled up here.,In Honolulu, you can find agencies that organize specific flights. The sunset Oahu Helicopter Tour is an extraordinary journey through the spectrum of stunning sun colors over the ocean. Book a romantic flight for memorable moments that you will remember for the rest of your life.,The excitement you feel during the zipline ride cannot be properly explained. You have to experience that rush of adrenaline. The island of Oahu features several great zip line locations. Although there are no ziplines in Honolulu, the excellent Climb Works, Kualoa Ranch, Coral Crater, and several others are just a 30-90 minute drive from Waikiki Beach.,Be aware that you have to book a seat for a Kualoa Ranch zipline two to three weeks in advance. Kualoa Ranch is a nature reserve where Jurassic Park was filmed. You can also enjoy horseback riding, mountain biking, and kayaking there. For example, you can go on a kayak adventure to Kaneohe Bay and see famous landmark Chinaman’s Hat up close.,Local agencies also offer adventure packages that, in addition to the zipline, include ATM rides. Ziplines are usually set at a height of 10-40 meters (32-131 feet) and the length varies from 120 to a fantastic 800 meters (393 to1,968 feet). During the ride, you will go through beautiful green landscapes overlooking the ocean. With the North Shore Zipline, you can even see whales in the Pacific Ocean during the winter months. ,Diamond Head is a volcanic crater in the city of Honolulu. It has been declared a State Park and is a trademark of the island of Oahu. ,Have you heard the story about the origin of the name “Diamond Head”? The locals call it Le’ahi, but British sailors thought they had found diamonds because of the glittering calcite crystals. That is how the term Diamond Head came into use.,Diamond Head Trail is the most popular hiking tour in Hawaii, which will take you to the top of this volcano in just two hours, enjoying the fantastic view of the ocean as you climb.,Packing some durable and lightweight hiking boots make these hikes much easier and accessible. Check out Sierra Trading Post and get yourself a pair of boots and other outdoor essentials here.,You can go on this walking tour on your own, following the directions. If you want to learn more about Hawaiian history and the natural beauty of Oahu’s island, we recommend that you hire local hiking guides.,There is nothing more enjoyable than a relaxing catamaran boat ride on the calm ocean. For a cruise around the island of Oahu, you can choose from a dozen sunset cruise packages. Bear in mind that from November to March, you may be able to observe humpback whales during a sunset cruise.,Sunset Dinner Cruise is the most popular sailing tour on Oahu. You will sail in the waters near Honolulu. Onboard you will have the opportunity to attend a luau entertainment program and a delicious dinner—all with a view of the fireworks above Waikiki Beach.,If you want to enjoy the sunset without dinner, we recommend Sunset Sailing Tours. You will sail the most beautiful parts of the Pacific coastline and be mesmerized by the beautiful landscapes. There are also Sunset Cocktail Cruises and Honolulu Sunset Cruise.,“Even a bad game of golf, on the island of Oahu, looks great!” That’s maybe because the scenery around the courses is impressive.,Oahu has as many as 40 golf courses of various categories. The incredible landscape is the reason why many people want to play a game of golf right here. Royal Hawaiian Golf Club holds an attractive location, just 20 minutes from Waikiki Beach. Ko Olina Golf Club is one of the best resort courses that offer a full gaming experience, with modern locker rooms, a top golf shop, sauna, jacuzzi, and restaurant.,The list of Oahu’s best resorts and golf courses also includes Turtle Bay Golf, located on Oahu’s North Shore, and Hawaii Prince Golf Club with beautiful views of the Waianae Mountains.,If you want to learn more about Hawaiian people and their history, you can visit Iolani Palace, which was once home to King Kalakaua and Queen Liliuokalani, located in downtown Honolulu.,It’s one of the most important places in Hawaii and the only official royal palace in the U.S. It was built in the 19th century as the royal family’s residence, and today it has been turned into a museum. Here you can learn more about the royal family itself and the national identity of the Hawaiian people.,The Bishop Museum originally contained objects of the royal family, and today it houses documents and photographs of Polynesian cultural artifacts. One of the world’s largest insect collections is kept here, with 13 million species.,Hawaii Plantation Village is an open-air museum in Waipahu, in central Oahu. During the 19th and 20th centuries, hundreds of thousands of immigrants from Japan, the Philippines, Polynesia and other countries worked on sugar plantations. They brought a part of their culture to Hawaii and influenced the multi-ethnicity by which Hawaii is recognizable today.,In this museum, you can see the workers’ personal belongings from the plantations and the tools they used. You can also visit the Shangri La Museum of Islamic Art and the Honolulu Museum of Art.,Don’t miss the sunrise in Hawaii. Just a 30-minute drive from Honolulu is one of the best hiking trails in Oahu. The almost 3-kilometer-long (1.86-miles) lighthouse trail will take you past the Makapu’u Lighthouse and several great lookouts. At the end of the trail, a reward awaits you!,From the Makapu’u Lookout, you can see the coast of Oahu, Koko Head, Makapuu Beach, two small islands and the turquoise ocean. During the winter months, you can watch whales in the ocean from this place.,You can also hike the Manoa Falls Trail to see the beautiful waterfall or Kuliouou Ridge Trail, with impressive views of Coco Crater, Kailua Coastline, and the sandy beaches.,Hike with an expert guide and see all the best parts of the rainforest and Manoa Falls. Book the Half Day Hiking Trip to the Manoa waterfall here.,If you’re not in great physical condition, choose the Nu’uanu Oahu hike. It’s not really a hike, but a light trek that leads you to the Kaniakapupu Ruins, or otherwise known as King Kamehameha III summer home and Luakaha Waterfall.,The Polynesian Cultural Center is one of the biggest attractions in Hawaii. This theme park is located in the northern part of Oahu and consists of several authentic villages. Each village is dedicated to certain Polynesian people, where you can see the cultural heritage of Tahiti, Fiji, Tonga, Samoa and others. You can attend a luau and learn more about folk customs and musical instruments like the ukulele.,The Polynesian Cultural Center’s biggest attraction is the spectacular “Ha: Breath of Life” show with more than 100 participants, live music and special effects.,Want to start planning the tropical vacation of your dreams to Oahu? Then you’ll want to be prepared with direct flight deals and vacation packages from Hawaiian Airlines. Next, you can find the best hotel and VRBO options, local restaurants and insider travel tips around the island with Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,Don’t miss a second of what Oahu has to offer by booking tours through GetYourGuide. This trusted team has top-rated tours like the Incredible 2-Hour North Shore Shark Dive or the Ka Moana Luau with Dinner & Show to make your Hawaiian trip filled with exciting and interesting experiences. Check out all the activities and tour options around Oahu here.,Author Bio: Marija Stojanovic Petkovski is a writer based in Serbia in Europe. Marija worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,This year, give the gift of a new and unique experience to a loved one with Tinggly. Find an experience for everyone and let their love for getting out and trying new things grow.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.  ,Lately, there’s been a noticeable consumer shift towards giving experiences as gifts rather than “things.”  ,In fact, according to Sitecore’s 2021 Holiday Trends Guide, 71% of polled respondents reported that the last thing they needed was “more stuff.”,This year, the goal is to give someone a memory to hold onto or story to share, not simply another material object to possess. As people around the world seek to streamline and simplify their lives, consumer products carry less importance, especially as a gift, and experiences become more attractive and desired. ,At first glance, this appears to be great news for those who love travel.  After all, travelers are all about new and exciting experiences, so who wouldn’t want an experiential gift related to taking a trip to partake in something new?,Of course, the challenge arises when the gift-giver tries to follow through on this notion. How exactly do they go about giving the right gift of travel? ,Is it something the recipient will enjoy? How do they take care of all the logistics? Dates, accommodations, and itineraries? In a world of non-refundables, giving the travel-lover on your gift list something special this year can ultimately be a real risky business.,From a dinner Christmas party in Sydney, Australia, to a holiday lights tour in Madrid, Spain, to a festive horse and carriage ride through the streets of New York City, global gift-solution company Tinggly has curated a list of unique experiences around the world that make the perfect holiday gift:,Perfect for the traveler who likes immersing themselves in local culture. What recipients of this gift rave about, aside from the excellent food and wine pairings, is what happens in between culinary stops, a tour of the architecture and street eccentricities of historic Carmel, California.,A professional guide meets you and your guest on the corner of St. Carlos Street in the heart of downtown Carmel-by-the-Seas, taking you along main fares and back alleys, past the missions, galleries, and quaint cottages that give this seaside village its eclectic fare.  ,But your wandering is not aimless, as every few streets, you stop in at an eatery (6 in total), typically prized by the locals, to sample and sip small plates and wines. From creamy polenta topped with Kobe short ribs, to soft tacos of chorizo, to a plate of crickets – for a truly unique wine pairing! This culinary tour is always positively reviewed.,Looking for something a little more adventurous? How about a unique view of London that will literally take your breath away.,Your gift recipient will be escorted to the very top of Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, 150 feet above the playing field, standing on a glass walkway. ,Climbing suits, shoes and harnesses are provided. But nerves of steel need to be provided by the climber! Not for those who suffer a fear of heights, but definitely a once in a lifetime experience, they’ll remember you for decades.,A must for that special someone who has always dreamed of visiting the Big Apple. Recipients will experience super views of Manhattan, Brooklyn Bridge and Governor’s Island all the way up from the Statue of Liberty’s pedestal. ,After descending 367 stairs, a ferry will take you to Ellis Island where you will learn the history of the United States along with stories of heartbreak, hope and salvation – all what made it the country it is today. An interactive and inspiring guided tour, just make sure you are equipped to climb a bunch of stairs! ,Join a small class led by a pro chef to learn what it takes to make mouthwatering traditional French delicacy, macaroons. This artistic cooking class will leave you with a unique skill to impress friends and family – and you’ll want to show off to them as soon as you get home.,What better way to gift the ability to learn the rich history of macaroons firsthand in Paris?,Here’s another unique and rare possibility for the adventurer on your gift list. With a guide and equipment included, the recipient will have everything needed to traverse this ambitious 6000-acre block of ice in Alaska.,From astonishing views of the stunning Chugach Mountains in the distance, blue crevasses, and waterfalls in the Keystone Canyon, you better hope a camera is also in their holiday gifts this year!,Looking for more experiences to gift? The ‘Merry Christmas’ collection features over 550 awesome adventures, romantic escapes, food and drink experiences, and genuine one-of-a-kind activities from all around the world.,As the gift giver, you purchase the “Merry Christmas” box and the recipient gets to choose the attraction that most captures their interest.  That means no unused or unwanted gift from you, and the thrill of picking out their own experience for your recipient.,So this holiday season, don’t be afraid to think “out of the box” and give a memorable gift that will impact and change your recipient’s life forever.  ,Start planning now if you want to attend the popular Day of the Dead Celebration in Oaxaca, Mexico. Don’t miss these helpful travel tips.,The paint brush in Rosario’s hand dripped bright red and I winced as she moved in close to my face during the Day of the Dead celebration in Oaxaca, Mexico.,I could feel the cold liquid sweep across my eyelid, under my eye and around it. I had no clue how this ‘makeover’ would turn out.,It would cost me only 75 pesos, (US$ 3.50) but it had to be finished before our nighttime visit to the cemetery in Xoxocotlan outside of Oaxaca. I had requested ‘medio’- the one-sided face-painting option, because it signified honor to both the living and the dead.,The cosmetic artist grabbed large fake, diamond-like rounds and pushed them into place around my eye.,A brush that oozed in harsh black paint zeroed in to coat my nose. A few more strokes and Rosario stood back to admire her work on my calavera face.,As I looked at the mirrored image of half a skull, with colorful facial decoration over white-based skin for the Dia de los Muertos event, ideas of how to blast the paint off at night’s end festered in my mind.,Next, my husband nervously prepared for his facial transformation into a catrin, the male version of a catrina, a human figure in skeletal form, seen at every turn during Day of the Dead.,In the early 20th century, Mexican political cartoonist Jose’ Guadalupe Posada created a series of skeleton caricatures, known as Posada’s Calaveras and Catrinas to mock rich Mexican socialites.,“Todos somos calaveras,” he said. “We are all skeletons−underneath man-made trappings, we are all the same.”,What is the Day of the Dead (Día de los Muertos)? It’s a multi-day Mexican holiday when people honor their friends and family who have died with prayers and remembrances.,In 1948, Mexican artist Diego Rivera painted a calavera-faced woman representing his wife, Frida Kahlo, dressed in fancy clothes and furs in his iconic mural, Dream of a Sunday Afternoon in Alameda Park.,This image of death, la catrina, became the most universal symbol of Mexico’s Day of the Dead celebration.,The pockets of Rosario’s smock bulged with 100 peso bills. At her annual ‘money making’ event, she had to create ‘dead-faces’ non-stop during the three day-affair. Come November 3rd, her cash flow would dry up quicker than her paint brushes.,Tourists, eager to interact with mourners who sat vigil from midnight until daybreak at the grave sites of their departed relatives, hoped the Mexican families might accept the foreigners’ intrusion if they looked the part.,Even though we live in Mexico as expatriates, we joined the throngs who had come to observe the Mexican Dia de los Muertos, photograph the locals’ preparation for the return of dead souls.,Infringe upon each family’s personal space around the grave sites and with no harmful intent, disturb the faithful with our gawking.,You’ll need to start planning now if you want to visit during the Day of the Dead. Annual Day of the Dead observation in Oaxaca, Mexico from Oct. 31 to Nov. 2 attracts the largest number of world-wide visitors.,It’s a mixture of pre-Hispanic celebration of Death and the Catholic feast of All Saints Day on Nov. 1 and All Souls Day on Nov. 2.,Other cities throughout the country follow the traditions, but travelers who have selected Oaxaca should expect hordes of companions, both living and dead.,Since the 2018 Academy Award-winning animated film, Coco by Pixar Studios, revealed the story of Oaxaca’s Dia de los Muertos, the number of tourists to this year’s event quadrupled.  ,Every flight was overbooked, and anyone without reserved accommodations could be seen dragging suitcases looking for a room.,In our boutique hotel, La Casona Oaxaca, a block from the central square, we met travelers from China, Thailand, Japan, and in-country voyeurs such as ourselves from Guadalajara.,Local Mexican mourners have accepted the blitz of foreign spectators. Their sacrifice of privacy has led to a peso-rich explosion of the region’s economy, with the infusion of millions of tourist dollars pouring into the city.,Onlookers spare no expense to participate in events at cemeteries throughout the area and enjoy repasts of Oaxaca delicacies like pollo mole in Central Plaza upscale restaurants.,Banners of wild orange and pink cut-out tissue paper called papel picado crisscrossed all the streets and the intoxicating aroma of copal incense filled the air. It was a bright, colorful, exciting party at every turn.,As I watched eager cemetery goers wait for a proper painted-face, I couldn’t help comparing this festive bash to our 2015 experience of the Day of Dead celebration in Patzquaro in Mexico’s state of Michoacán.,Calavera painted-faces missing, reverent, somber and respectful reflections took place at graveyards located on many of the remote islands situated on Lake Patzquaro.,Every year, indigenous people from the surrounding countryside travel to the lake’s shores, pile into canoes and paddle to isolated islands where their loved ones are buried.  ,We stopped briefly at Janitzio, the largest and closest island to shore which resembled Oaxaca with its commercialization.,Tourists swigged tequila, crowded the main street leading to the cemetery, and danced to live music along the way.,Dizzied by the pandemonium, we sped away across the lake to a tiny, sparsely populated island, an hour’s boat ride away.,Upon docking at the isle’s pier, we climbed steep steps to the entrance of the sacred graveyard where the faithful pushed wheelbarrows full of adornments.  I loved sitting with families around well-prepared resting places from midnight until 4 am.,A cold mist rose eerily from the lake into the dark November night sky and bundled relatives huddled together on blankets covering the hard, damp earth.,Observers numbered an inconspicuous 30. We brought offerings of candles and pan de muertos, round sweet breads made especially to help lure the souls back home.,A vegetable-based painted calavera, called a carita had been baked in the bread’s center and it is this icon that authenticates every loaf.,We shared the pan with families and listened to their stories told in Spanish about the persons whose spirits they awaited. I remembered the intimacy I felt with the mourners and the mystical connection to Mexico’s unique interpretation of death.,The sound of a brass band jolted my attention back to the crazy, loud revelry of Oaxaca’s rendition of Day of the Dead. The Central Plaza remained the focal point for non-stop activity throughout the three days.,From 9 am until midnight, parades called calendas, lined with comparsas, the name given to costumed children, teens, and adults, all wearing calavera-painted faces followed small enclaves of trumpeters, trombonists and drummers around the square.,Each time we heard toots of horns, we’d rush to that corner to see the stilt-walkers, huge balloon carriers, large puppets, street dancers and Oaxaca residents embracing their celebration.,Vendors set up stands throughout the central area, selling painted carved skulls made of wood or hardened sugar called calacas for additional adornments on the graves.,Bright yellow and orange marigolds, cempasuchiltes, lined the flower beds around the square, making the entire area glow in a bath of warm hues.,The marigolds represent the aura that acts as a beacon to guide the souls back to their burial plots and every gravesite overflows with bunches of them, along with magenta, brush-like cockscombs.,Intricately detailed public altars, requiring intense labor to construct, popped up throughout Oaxaca City.,Dedicated to important deceased leaders and community dignitaries, the altars made of thousands of bright flowers, candles and calaveras delighted tourists ambling about on the traffic banned streets.,Mesmerized by the process, I watched with fascination as young Oaxaca students completed an enormous altar dedicated to missed professors.,Residents of most Mexican communities that celebrate Day of the Dead erect private altars in their homes, decorated with personal effects of those being remembered, but in Oaxaca, the public displays capture the interest of the masses.,An endless stream of cars, taxis, vans, buses, motorcycles, and primitive carts hanging together with nuts and bolts clogged the road to the cemetery at Xoxocotlan.,Entangled in this moving mass of metal, we inched along. A 20-minute trip turned into two hours and parking became a challenge.,We happily walked a half mile in the frosty evening to the panteὀn, carrying offerings of wilted marigolds, a loaf of pan de muertos and votive candles.,We held onto our excitement of the experience, despite the thousands who came for the same reason. A rock band played loud, Mexican music outside the entrance.,Inside we shuffled along the conveyor belt of humans moving through the concrete aisles between the tombstones. Barkers selling everything from food to fireworks created pockets of chaos among the confusion.,Many of the grave sites were elaborately, fashioned with flowers, favorite food of the departed and candles to brighten the way home for the souls. Families sat on chairs around the sacred mounds, toasting with tequila or corn-mash pulque.,A grave, with scant decorations and a single female mourner by its side, caught my attention. I laid my bundle of meager offerings on the newly overturned earth. She touched my hand and whispered “Gracias.”,Our goal here had been achieved. As midnight approached, we squeaked through openings in the throngs of oncoming crowds toward the exit.,It was time to move on to the oldest cemetery in the Oaxaca area, Atzompa, a tiny village on the outskirts of the city.,Leaving the ‘big tourist draw’ happened to be our godsend as we left the hordes behind. Vendors selling cempausuchitles along the road guided the way.,A distinctly different Day of the Dead atmosphere unfolded. Definitely a graveyard rather than cemetery, this ancient panteὀn viejo in Atzompa had no squared-off rows.,Tombstones dotted the area in a haphazard, dig where there’s space, pattern. Of course, a smidge of raucousness was required, as a band prepared their instruments on the cemetery’s fringe and a neon-lighted, miniature Ferris wheel planted in between two mounds entertained the children.,Meter-high candles lined each grave site. As I squeezed passed side-by-side graves, the fear of catching on fire gave me more fright than the eerie feeling of the night.,The aura of this ancient site felt magical, hallowed, and strangely alive with the very souls expected to return. I loved the atmosphere and the energy of the families guarding their precious ground.,Whether the choice is the festive party or the quiet, reverent tribute to the dead, there can be no other suggestion than to choose one and to go and experience it. Mexico’s Day of the Dead celebration is really a Night for the Living and these Mexican souls live it to the fullest.,If Day of the Dead observation anywhere in Mexico is on your bucket list, make flight and hotel reservations at least 6 months in advance. Nine months is preferable if you want to be able to stay near the square in Oaxaca where the action unfolds and excitement stirs.,Small boutique inns will arrange group excursions to the cemeteries on any of the three nights, Oct. 31- Nov. 2. Our hotel, La Casona had arranged transportation for 12 guests to travel together to the cemeteries.,Otherwise, tour guides roam about the square and offer packages to visit Day of the Dead events which can be booked on the spot. Outside the city, points of interest abound. Visits to the ruins of Monte Alban archaeological site, center of 8th century Zapotec and Mixtec culture, can be arranged by tour or by public bus or taxi.,Villages surrounding Oaxaca, each concentrating on only one artisan craft, provide days of wonder and education as tourists can observe the art of weaving rugs in Teotitlan del Valle, the process of producing black pottery in San Bartolo Coyotepec, or the magic of the public market in Ocotlan.,Public buses can be taken to each town, or tours can be arranged to take in as many sites as one wishes to visit.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric fieldwork in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,Spend time in the “salad bowl” of Viti Levu, Fiji’s big island, and immerse yourself into the local culture.,It’s hard to imagine a more idyllic, almost mystical setting. We are deep inside the Fijian hinterland of the main island, Viti Levu. It’s a good hour’s drive along a corrugated, dusty back road from the coastal town of Sigatoka.The village where we sit is named Dubalevu and it’s located centrally in an area referred to as Fiji’s salad bowl,  so called because of the bountiful supply of fruit and vegetables that are farmed here, bound for the markets of Sigatoka and beyond.,For my wife and I this is familiar territory. She is a Fijian national who now calls Australia home. We have brought a group of 10 friends on a two-week vacation with the intention of introducing them to the real Fiji, primarily through a diverse range of cultural activities.,They seem to look down on Dubalevu with a sense of proprietorship. It is a common sight to see the village shrouded in mountain mist, clinging to the spires like curtains. Dubalevu Village sits alongside the Sigatoka River, a large meandering waterway that, even this far inland, is 100 yards (91 meters) wide. By the time it reaches the sea it will be five times broader. Looming large over the village are several ominous-looking granite outcrops.,Today is not one of those days. A strong, vibrant sun shines down on us from a cloudless sky.,We are midway through the welcome ceremony, ensconced in the bure of the village chief. The bure, a large thatched roof building, is a traditional  Fijian home. Our group sits nervously on the floor atop woven mats, a common home accessory here. The locals try to put us at ease but little English  is spoken throughout the traditional Yaqona Ceremony.,Yaqona, or kava as it is referred to in the Western world, is an unappetizing brew. It’s made by infusing cold water through a muslin cloth, filled with  the powdered kava root. The resulting light brown mixture is collected into a tanoa, a large wooden bowl.,Everyone present is expected to partake. A bilo, a communal cup made from the casing of a coconut, is filled from the tanoa. One by one the guests and  locals are asked to drain the bilo in one long swallow. A routine series of hand clapping accompanies all parts of the ceremony.,Outside, a series of metallic banging noises echoes around the village. Anxious looks furtively come my way from some of our group. It’s a sound that  resonates around Fiji every day. It’s the sound of the dried kava root being pounded into powder form by using an implement resembling a crowbar.  Fortunately for our group, one small drink from the bilo is all we’re obliged to take today.,Soon we are back outside in the bright sunshine and its intensity reminds us how naturally cool it was inside the chief’s bure. The village compound is about the size of a soccer pitch and a lush, verdant grassy area is surrounded by 20 or so homes arranged in roughly rectangular fashion.,Young children abound. They’re constantly at our feet, laughing and joking, no doubt hoping for a treat from their strange guests. Their hands are soon full of chocolates and other delights.,Everyone is captivated by the preparation of the lovo, the underground oven. Pork, chicken, a selection of local vegetables, such as cassava, taro, yams and breadfruit, are wrapped and placed on the hot coals before all is covered by large taro leaves.We are then shepherded across the village green to the community hall building. Later that afternoon we will be treated to an early dinner.,At a leisurely pace, we head for the river where the languid water flows serenely away from the village toward a distant bend. Thick undergrowth strangles the river banks on both sides. The granite hilltops now stand over us like sentinels. A bilibili, a large bamboo raft, awaits us as we are escorted by what seems like every child in the village.,Despite appearances, the river is not deep and in most parts, those swimming alongside can stand. The cool, enticing water proves too tempting for most as the afternoon humidity engulfs the river’s interlopers. By the time the bilibili reaches its destination, a few bends downstream, there are more people in the invigorating water than on board.,The trail back to Dubalevu Village winds through a maze of farm land. Tobacco crops are everywhere. As we near the village we are greeted by a copious amount of tropical fruit. Bananas, pineapples, mangos and pawpaw abound. The heat and the increasing hordes of mosquitoes are soon forgotten. The youth of the village toil under the hot afternoon sun, sweat glistening on their fit, muscular torsos.,Back on the village green, the population of children seems to have grown. The local schools are now out and news of our presence has quickly spread. Inside the hall, the food from the lovo has been neatly arranged on plates on the floor. They sit atop a beautiful tapa tablecloth that is decoratively adorned. Pitchers of fresh fruit juices are at hand for everyone.,The pork and chicken dishes are complimented by fresh fish in coconut milk and palusami, a corned beef and spinach offering. Tentative pickings by the guests rapidly give way to whole hearted feasting of the sumptuous foods, much to the delight of the villagers.,Barely has the last mouthful been gorged when the music starts. Laughter and enthusiastic dance moves by the women and children soon spread. It isn’t long before the guests are drawn into the dance activity. Excuses of bad backs fall on deaf ears. Soon everyone is on their feet doing a form of tribal line dancing.,Those who haven’t clutch embarrassingly at their fast disappearing sulus and modesty. The laughter permeates the entire village.Laughter fills the village as our sulus, a wrap around garment worn out of respect by the visitors, begin to slip forever downward. Those who have discreetly worn them over the top of their own clothing are now thankful.,Before long, under lengthening shadows, it is sadly time to leave. A cool breeze has sprung up as if on cue to cool the weary dancers.,Laughter is soon replaced by tears. New friendships are soon to be broken by the tyranny of distance. Our minibus edges out of Dubalevu at snail’s pace, due mostly to an infinite posse of waving, smiling children. Smiles and tears are in equal proportion both inside and outside the vehicle.,If You Go,Sigatoka, a service town, is an hour and 15 minutes drive from Nadi International airport. It is the gateway to the Coral Coast where most of Fiji’s main island resorts are located.,Hotels such as The Outrigger Resort, The Fijian Resort, The Hideaway Resort and the Bedarra Beach Inn can organize Village tours for visitors.,Fiji Visitor’s Bureau,www.bulafiji.com,Paul Miles resides in rural Victoria, Australia with his wife, Sereima and their two-year-old daughter, Kelera. An experienced world traveler throughout Europe, North America, Hong Kong and South Africa, he has concentrated on the South Pacific Islands for recent travels., ,Tucked away in northwestern Africa, this Arabic Kingdom is rich with culture, impressive landscape and colorful kasbahs.,I met John in the lobby of the El Ati hotel in Erfoud, Morocco’s tourist-desert city. The Englishman who called himself a modern troubadour had just made a trip through the Dades Valley and Canyon where countless historic mud fortresses called kasbahs dot the landscape. When I asked what he thought of these trademarks of Morocco, he answered in poetry:,Kasbahs, melting under torrential rain,
Kasbahs repaired to rise and live again,
Kasbahs sprouting new, small and grand,
Fairytale forts, built by magical hands.,The next morning our group of five followed in John’s footsteps as we made our way westward from Erfoud to explore kasbah land ourselves.,Morocco was a French protectorate from 1912 and achieved independence in 1956. The full Arabic name of this Kingdom in northwestern Africa is Al-Maghreb (“The West”) and widely used in Arabic. Morocco, as the country is called in most other languages, derives from the name of the former capital, Marrakech.,It is believed that the Arab tribes, which came from Yemen, brought with them the art of building kasbahs (from Arabic qasbah for “citadel”) because the same type of fortress-castle is still being constructed there.,In the oases land of southern Morocco, this form of building took a firm hold. Built from the soil of the countryside, which is mixed with straw, kasbahs cost very little — ideal for people who have hardly any money to spare. They fuse traditional Berber battlement exterior building techniques with finely decorated interiors inspired by the Andalusian palaces of Moorish Spain.,Men of modest means construct their small homes kasbah-style, while the powerful and affluent erect huge fortress structures as a sign of wealth, which are considered the true kasbahs.,After a leisurely three-hour drive through a sparsely settled, semi-desert land we reached Tinerhir — a rich agriculture town of 10,000, some one hundred miles (160 km) west of Erfoud. Set in a fertile valley amidst some of the most beautiful landscape in Morocco, it is the door to the Todra Gorges, Morocco’s most famous natural wonder.,As we drove northward, our driver first stopped atop a cliff to let us enjoy the splendid view of the green valley below. Thousands of fruit trees dominated by countless palms were intermixed with fields of grain. A galaxy of gold-colored kasbahs, a good number newly built, contrasting with the silver-green of the olive trees, the deep green of the date palms and the emerald green of carpet-like grain fields, made it an unforgettable sight.,A short distance onward, we reached the Todra Gorges — probably the most impressive geological formation in Northern Africa. Two steep limestone cliffs rise vertically through gray, green, yellow and red rock to 984 feet (300 m), towering above the gravel base of the canyon, which is at its narrowest point only 33 feet (10 m) wide. A small crystal-clear stream runs through it, reputed for curing sterility in women.,We spent an hour examining the gorge, then returned to Tinerhir to relish this oasis town nestled in a surrounding of olives, pomegranates, date palms and a large number of Kasbahs. Here, we also found the ruins of one of T’hami El Glaoui’s mud castles. El Glaoui was a Berber chief, a French-supported warlord and pasha from Marrakech who controlled large parts of southern Morocco from 1912-1955.,Westward from Tinerhir, we drove for half an hour through a barren landscape until we reached Boumalane — noted for its fantastic-looking Hotel el-Madayeq, built kasbah-style of course, and overlooking the town. After examining this superb structure, we took the road which led to the Dades Canyon, an awesome and torturous limestone gorge with dizzying cliffs, dotted with bizarre rock formations resembling melted wax. It was a rough, jagged universe, a mixture of mauve, purple, red and other colors.,Carved by the Dades River thousands of years ago in eerie, but breathtaking shapes of eroded limestone, the canyon is lined with innumerable kasbahs built by chieftains in the past ages. These mud fortresses of the strong seemed to be everywhere. Their adobe walls and squat towers are fine examples of Arab-influenced Berber art, whose motifs are seen on the local carpets, jewelry and pottery.,As we looked down from our twisting road to the valley below, it seemed that the grass was greener, the soil redder and the kasbahs more appealing than those outside the valley. The fantastic colors of the stone cliffs contrasting with the valley green and towering kasbahs had us enthralled and gave us a feeling that we were in a fairyland of enchantment.,Back from Boumalane we drove westward, following the Dades valley — a thin line of green in a barren world, called the “Valley of a Thousand Kasbahs.” Between Boumalane and Kelaa M’Gouna, our next stop, the road was lined on both sides with Kasbah-style buildings — many newly constructed. Until we reached Kelaa M’Gouna, the whole route appeared to be one continuous town.,Kelaa, 6,560 feet (2000 m) above sea level and called the “Rose Garden” of the Dades Valley, is a magnificent and superb place, and the center of a fertile rose-growing oasis. The French introduced the Damascus rose from Syria in the 1920s into the valley where it thrived. In spring the fragrance of these flowers intermingled with those of the fruit and nut trees make it an enchanted region.,Travelers have written that in May and June, at the time of the Rose Festival, the countryside around Kelaa is completely covered with roses whose aroma hangs heavily over the countryside and the town itself. Perfumes from the fruit orchards, almond trees, and grape fields smothered by rose hedges produce a feeling of heavenly seduction.,For a short distance west from Kelaa, the highway was edged on both sides by greenery and imposing kasbahs and more new kasbah-like homes, but soon we were driving in an arid landscape until we reached Skoura, a luxurious oasis also famous for roses, which grow amid grain fields and palm trees.,West from Skoura, we drove through countryside full of dry river-beds, under the shadows of the snow-capped High Atlas mountains looming in the distance, until we reached Ouarzazate, built by the French as a garrison town in the heart of Morocco’s Great South. Located at the crossroads of the Draa, Dades and Sous Valleys, the town is encircled by a barren landscape and overshadowed by the snow-capped Atlas.,A provincial capital of about 50,000 inhabitants, whose setting is romantically scenic, it is an important pre-Saharan crossroad — an ideal point from which to set out on journeys of discovery to the valleys of the kasbahs both to the south and east. Even though it offers all the amenities of a modern and vibrant city, its atmosphere is tranquil and fresh. Nicknamed the “Pearl of the Sands,” Ouarzazate appears to have a bright tourist future.,Here, we spent two days exploring the many kasbahs in town and on its outskirts. The most prominent were Tifiltout, parts of which have been renovated and Taourirt, both built by El Glaoui. The latter is considered to be the mother of all kasbahs. Encompassing a series of crenellated towers, rising out of a mass of closely packed houses and lavishly decorated with geometric motifs, it is one of the most beautiful in Morocco.,At one time, it was on the edge of the city, but today the modern town is surrounding this popular tourist site, where the movie “The Jewel of the Nile” (1985) with Kathleen Turner and Michael Douglas was filmed.,Leaving Ouarzazate, we stopped at the Atlas Cinema Studio where a great number of films are shot, then continued to the largely uninhabited strengthened village of Aït Benhaddou. From a distance, its adobe buildings and ancient homes looked magnificent. But only a small section of this model of architecture has been restored by UNESCO who recently declared Aït Benhaddou a World Heritage Site.,Just eight families now live within its walls, whereas a few decades ago there were hundreds. The village is on the itinerary of tourists thanks to Hollywood. Movies like “Gladiator,” “ Sodom and Gomorrah,” “Jesus of Nazareth,” “Lawrence of Arabia” and “The Jewel of the Nile” were filmed in one of these enchanting ksours or castles that no visitor to Morocco should miss.,If You Go,Most visitors don’t need visas to enter Morocco — only valid passports.,If you know French, which is widely spoken in Morocco, it’s easy to get around in Morocco. But many locals also speak some English.,Morocco ’s currency is the dirham (MAD). US$ 1 equals MAD 8.4. You can exchange money at banks or hotels. The rates are all the same with no commission.,When traveling in Morocco, trains are the most comfortable. Buses are inexpensive – CTM the best. Small autos, with unlimited mileage and fully insured, rent for about US$ 60 a day insurance included.,Tips are expected for every service — always carry small change.,Barter for all tourist items and never shop with a guide. His commission is usually about 30 percent.,At night, avoid dark alleyways. Morocco is safer than many other countries, but muggers still stalk the lonely streets.,Moroccan Tourist Office,www.tourism-in-morocco.com, ,I recently visited Merzouga and it was an absolutely incredible experience. The beauty of the Erg Chebbi dunes took my breath away, especially during the camel trek at sunset. Spending a night in a traditional desert camp was a highlight, with warm hospitality, delicious food, and stunning starlit skies. Interacting with the friendly locals and exploring nearby villages added a cultural touch to my journey. The guides and drivers were knowledgeable and passionate, enhancing the overall experience. Merzouga is a transformative destination that combines breathtaking landscapes, cultural immersion, and a sense of tranquility. I highly recommend it to anyone seeking a remarkable adventure.,Really comprehensive, well-laid out options and descriptions of each. Much appreciated!,Wow, beautiful article! Thank you for sharing.,Once ruled by Sultans and known for its exotic spices, Zanzibar draws visitors for its natural beauty, sandy beaches and unique culture.,Zanzibar. For me the very name stirs feelings of adventure and mystery and conjures up visions of waterfront palaces of Sultans and the labyrinth of narrow lanes weaving through Stone Town filled with exotic sights, smells and sounds.,I was not disappointed when I finally arrived on this small island in the Indian Ocean.,Officially part of Tanzania, Zanzibar lies only 20 miles off mainland Africa but is a world apart in atmosphere.,Here, African, Indian and Arabian cultures come together in Stone Town, a maze of narrow streets that has been named a UNESCO World Heritage Site because of its architecture which reflects centuries of sea trade between Africa and Asia.,Once known as Spice Island for its export of cloves, many travel to Zanzibar today for its natural beauty and unique culture.,The Indo-Arabian architecture of the old Stone Town building housing the City Market is the perfect exotic backdrop for huge mounds of luscious fruit, fish caught only moments earlier squirming across the stone floor, while men sit playing bao, a traditional board game, and women in their bui bui, Islamic coveralls, shop and pause to chat.,The sights, smells and sounds are intoxicating and I could have spent the entire morning wandering through the market, bargaining for fresh fruit and sampling cooked on the spot shrimp, but the mystery of Stone Town drew me out into its narrow streets.,Passing large carved doorways concealing opulent courtyards – browsing through shops and stalls selling local crafts, African jewelry and ebony carvings.,It is representing shetani, spirits that take on animal or human forms in Zanzibari witchcraft (Zanzibar is a renowned center of voodoo) – I made my way to the site of the Great Slave Market.,Arab slave traders made Zanzibar the hub of slave trade in all of East Africa. On the site of their old market a beautiful monument has been built in honor of the decree by the Sultan of Zanzibar on June 6, 1873.,It stopped the slave trade in Zanzibar, thus ending a dark time in its history. The underground chambers still remind visitors that men, women and children were held here before they were sold on the market.,There is a pulsating feeling of lingering ghosts in the shadowy chambers with patches of sunlight filtering in through narrow windows to warm the cold stone floor.,Newly intrigued by the Omani Sultans of Zanzibar, I made my way to the Palace, now a museum. The last Sultan ruled prior to the 1964 revolution and there are many relics of the family life they lived while in power.,The staircases creak under my feet as I explore the top floors and there is a soft swoosh of fans cooling the high ceiled rooms crammed with large paintings of past Sultans and one particularly beautiful portrait of Queen Elizabeth II as a young woman when she visited with Prince Philip.,The Palace/Museum staff are delighted to talk about the times of the sultans and about the virtues of life in Zanzibar with its peaceful union of so many different cultures.,From one docent, I get a recommendation for the best Indian Restaurant in all of Zanzibar.,When I travel I enjoy meeting and talking to the locals who are always eager to help guide me to their favorite haunts.,The docent’s directions to Silk Route takes me through the streets of Stone Town to the end of Shangani  Street, around a deep curve to an arched doorway with a small wooden sign swinging gently in a welcome breeze. Three flights of white washed steps loom in front of me.,At the second landing I am greeted with a cool towel and told to proceed to the third floor restaurant.,It is a large white room with arched windows cut into stone and through which the Indian Ocean glistens bright blue in the powerful sunlight. There is a murmur of several languages being spoken above the whirl of overhead fans.,Without requesting it, I am given the best available table in front of an open window. Through it, I have a view over the rooftops to the ocean where several traditional wooden dhow boats plow through the waves.,The owner comes to greet me and makes recommendations from the large menu. I choose my favorites, Butter Chicken and cheese naan.,It is perfectly seasoned and as delicious as I had been told. So much so, I splurge and order a second order of naan and add their homemade chutney.,When I compliment the chef and bid all a farewell they suggest I stop for a drink at their most famous hotel, Zanzibar Serena, located a short distance away.,Half way down Shangani Street, I enter the historical stone building which is the exotic world of the Zanzibar Serena Hotel.,From the turbaned doorman to the beautifully carved wooden doorways and lattice work to the tiled floors, it is exactly what I hoped to find in a hotel in Zanzibar.,The air is perfumed as an elegant graceful hostess leads me through the arched ceiled hallways to the quiet bar open to the white coral sand beach and the Indian Ocean.,While sipping perfectly chilled champagne, I gaze out at remnants of coral stone walls glowing amber in the late afternoon sunlight.,Not only did Zanzibar not disappoint, it has made my list of favorite places I have found on my travels. I’ll be back.,Zanzibar Serena Hotel
Shangani Street
Zanzibar, Tanzania
zanzibar@serena.co.tz
serenahotels.com,Author Bio: Sherrill Bodine is an author, fashionista, and world traveler. She has published over a dozen romance novels, co-wrote a comic book, and was a contributing columnist to the Chicago Sun-Times.,Put the kids in the cage and head out into sweet powder. Just leave the snowboard and après-ski attitude at home.,Antonio Zuni looks like a Native American straight out of a picture book: A ponytail of shiny black hair falls on broad shoulders. Copper skin, noble profile, proud look. The only thing not exactly fitting are flashy carving skis. Let’s be honest, who had not secretly expected a wild mustang instead? Antonio grins as if he could read thoughts.,The Pueblo Indian works as a ski instructor at Taos Ski Valley, a small winter sports resort in northern New Mexico. Granted, high on horseback, he would reliably sink into the knee-deep snow of Kachina Peak, which towers 12,480 feet (3804 m) on a high-desert plateau of burnt-red table mountains. Even the stubborn romantic in me must admit skis are much more appropriate in this alpine environment.,Here in this box canyon you don’t really feel like you’re deep in the American Southwest at first. The pointy tower of the base station, adorned with Middle Ages bric-a-brac like veiled damsels and bearded bards, seems much more apt for a little village in the Alps.,The small resort was in fact founded by German-Swiss Ernie Blake, who obviously must have been troubled by homesickness.,There’s a Hotel St. Bernard and Edelweiss here, and a restaurant called Rathskeller, and many of the buildings sport large wooden balconies with geraniums in flower boxes. The ski school’s children’s center is named “Kinderkäfig,” or children’s cage. The Blakes — Ernie died in 1989, but the resort remains a family business — have a strange sense of humor.,Father Blake scouted for the “perfect” ski area from the cockpit window of a Cessna. What he developed on these bold, jagged, arduous peaks is black-diamond and double-diamond runs (51 percent of the runs) and about a dozen dizzying chutes that are hair-raising by just looking up at them.,Taos is considered one of the most-demanding ski areas in North America. It was created by ski professionals for ski professionals — no fancy après ski ado, merely an athletic challenge. Perhaps that’s the reason why there are no snowboarders permitted in Taos, whom ski pioneers such as Blake probably never completely took seriously.,“Taos: A Four-Letter Word For Steep” is one of the official marketing slogans. “If you wish to relax, you’d better ski somewhere else,” declare some  regulars boastfully. “Nonsense,” says Antonio, shaking his head vigorously and using his ski pole to point at a large yellow sign sitting at the foot of Al’s  run, at first glimpse clearly a deterent for every beginner.,“Don’t Panic!” it reads in big, encouraging capital letters: “You’re looking at only 1/30 of Taos Ski Valley. We have many easy runs, too!” About a  quarter, to be exact.,The first of today’s 12 ski lifts was built in 1956. A troop of Native American workers and a donkey named “Lightning” helped. They came from the  ancient Pueblo de Taos, about 18 miles (29 km) down the curvy mountain road. The Native American village has been permanently inhabited for more  than 1,000 years. UNESCO declared it a World Heritage site in 1992.,Today an estimated 150 people still live in the two multistoried residential buildings constructed from mighty timber beams and sun-dried bricks on  both sides of the Red Willow Creek. Other than the lively stream, there is no running water, no electricity or plumbing on the reservation — a  conscious decision of the elders to remain true to their cultural heritage.,However, tourism seems to be the most important source of income here. You may only enter upon paying a fee. Silver jewelry, pottery, drums, flutes and other souvenirs are sold in a few publicly accessible homes by flickering propane light.,The Spanish adopted the practical adobe style. The modern town of Taos, originally a colonial settlement dating back to the 17th century, is about a 10-minute drive south of Taos Ski Valley. It has developed into a pretty artist’s colony with many galleries and museums. Several times a day a shuttle bus leaves from the ski area for the historical Taos Plaza, the heart of town.,Taos has not always been an idyllic place, explains Antonio, as he tells of the Pueblo Revolt of 1680, a bloody rebellion against Spanish rule. As cultural director of Taos Ski Valley, he not only teaches proper snow-carving techniques, but explains the history of his people on guided mountain tours. Even though the tribal council only recently insisted that the ski resort’s old logo — a goofy Indian on skis with flying braids and loincloth — ought to be changed, old and new Taos inhabitants have long made peace with one another.,Antonio turns his face to the sky. The summits surrounding Taos are sacred to the Pueblo tribes. Not far from here, at Blue Lake, so they believe, they emerged from the underworld into the present dimension. “This happened in the middle of winter,” the young man continues. That’s why the cold season holds a great significance for his people. For Antonio personally, a trip down the slopes is a spiritual experience. “The mountain is alive,” the Native American says quietly. The icy wind feels like an embrace, and glistening snow crystals are winking.,“Ma qedveche,” Antonio intones in melodic Tiwa, his native language, as he concludes the tour, which translates to “may the creator keep you.” And like a blessing from above, thick white snow flakes start to fall on Taos.,If You Go,Taos Ski Valley,www.skitaos.org,Pueblo de Taos,www.taospueblo.com,Taos Chamber of Commerce,www.taoschamber.com, ,Trekkers find new friends, enlightenment on ‘Stairway to Heaven’, and plenty of stories to bring home in Camino de Santiago, Spain. Here is one traveler’s journey.,The August sun poured through our hotel window in Sarria, Spain, as my husband Dan and I pulled on hiking shorts and T-shirts for our first day on the Camino de Santiago.,To prevent blisters, we lubricated our feet with a Vaseline stick, put on two layers of socks and laced up our Trail Runners. Then I pocketed three pieces of sea glass sent to me by a cousin for energy and luck.,It was a crisp 50-degree morning as we zipped our fleece jackets. I dug my trekking pole into the soft earth and pushed ahead on a steep hill, inhaling heady whiffs of pine needles and wildflowers.,You will want to have plenty of light layers for this trip so that the load will be easy to travel with and you will be prepared for any weather. We love the handy clothing items from Scott-e-Vest like The Fireside Fleece Vest with 15 discreet pockets or this Men’s Essential Jacket with over 20 pockets.,It was no fluke that Led Zepplin’s “Stairway to Heaven” played over and over in my head. Since medieval times, pilgrims walking to Santiago and the enshrined remains of St. James, the patron saint of Spain, have believed this journey secures a place for them in heaven. I thought my chances of getting into heaven, someday, were good. But, at the outset, I had my doubts about completing the Camino.,The 500-mile Camino, also known as the Way, stretches from the French Pyrenees to cities and Roman roads in Spain. The average pilgrim completes the trek in 36 days.,Since Dan and I didn’t have the luxury of time, and I’d endured knee surgery six months earlier, we chose to walk the last 70 miles of the Camino Francés through farm country, forests and tiny Spanish villages.,A yellow scallop shell painted on walls, kilometer markers and churches point the way. The shell’s multi-ridged lines reach out like a fan in all directions and are joined at the base. I see these lines as routes of the Camino, all leading to Santiago. The scallop shell, native to Galicia, was also used by pilgrims centuries ago to scoop food and water along the trail.,As the hill crested a cornfield, a group of young women singing to the notes of a ukulele player passed us with vigorous strides. Some smiled and waved, while others wished us, “Buen Camino! (Good Way!)”,The musician’s lively tunes helped quicken our pace. I asked where she was from. “Málaga,” she said, “many kilometers south on the Costa del Sol.”,Like the Pied Piper of Hamelin, she motioned Dan and me with a wave of her hand to join the wandering minstrels. Their swinging tempo in sync with the tapping of trekking poles carried us down the road.,Three miles later, the strolling singers stopped for snacks at a terraza or roadside patio strewn with backpacks, kicked-off trail shoes and windbreakers. We marched on. Soon the only music was the cooing of mourning doves.,We had entered an enchanted forest of eerie green light spiraling into a rich golden glow in the distance. Twisted vines crept up the trunks of trees; petals of pink rhododendron blushed in an unearthly light. I thought of the scene in “A Midsummer’s Night Dream” where fairies cast a spell on lovers lost in the forest. This was a place where anything could happen.,Dan and I trod toward the radiant light at the end of the forest. Within minutes, the mystical glow was overpowered by bright yellow fields of sunflowers waving in the wind with the rhythmic flair and grace of flamenco dancers.,As the trail drifted down a country road, I was curious to know why sunflowers hung in droopy bunches above farmhouse doors. I later learned from a Spanish pilgrim that this flower is symbolic of “God’s eye” and is believed to ward off witches, evil spirits, storms and disease.,We walked the first nine miles of our journey by mid-afternoon. Despite two-foot blisters and sore shoulders from my backpack, I felt exhilarated to have finished the first leg of our trek.,I thought of our disabled son and silently cheered, “This one’s for you, Matt!”,Slipping into sandals, Dan and I seated ourselves in the dining room at Casa Morgade in Lugo. It wasn’t long before we felt the stares of two scruffy, middle-aged men seated at the next table. Their dusty cargo shorts, tattered T-shirts and mud-splattered trail shoes were testaments to the rigors of their odyssey.,My husband, who is of French-Canadian descent, smiled when he heard their accents and asked where they were from.,New-found French friends hike the Camino every summer,“Avignon, France,” said the more muscular one with dark, bushy hair. “We’ve been friends since kindergarten. Now we hike the Camino together every summer to honor our bond.”,Jean-Claude and Mylos didn’t need much encouragement to share more details, as well as food and drink. Within seconds, they scooped up their bread, cheese, olives and red wine to join our table like we were old neighbors.,Our French was broken at best, and their English was scrappy. But we took turns showing pictures of our families and hometowns.,The Camino route has travelers from all over the world but it’s a good idea to learn some French or Spanish before hitting the trail. You can learn the basics with Babbel Language and continue lessons if you want to have more conversations on your journey.,With pride in their eyes, they showed us Camino passports from previous years with stamps from all their stops. As hard as I listened, though, their convoluted exchange often lost me in translation, so we played charades to clarify meaning and common ground. Glasses clinked, as we laughed and broke bread, my arm slung around Dan’s shoulder.,On day three, our path paralleled a freshly paved road with speeding cars and chemical smells from nearby fertilizer plants. Yet, I felt transported back centuries when I passed a slow-moving woman with long, flowing gray hair, a billowy maroon robe and leather sandals reminiscent of garb worn by the original pilgrims. Her eyes were closed as she chanted to herself.,“She may be praying the rosary,” whispered a tall, lean man with coppery red hair who fell into step with me. He said he carried his own rosary beads for protection on the Camino.,“I’m Tim from New Zealand,” he said, extending his hand with a mischievous smile.,In an exuberant voice, he told me his adventure had begun a year ago when he quit his corporate job to explore Asia. He worked for religious and charitable groups in India for four months and learned the arts of meditation, yoga and mindfulness.,“When I practiced these skills, I felt free of stress and focused on turning my life around,” he said.,I asked Tim if he planned to return to New Zealand after this journey.,“No, I want to travel another nine months to find my place in the world.”,I found myself rooting for him on his road to self-discovery. The Camino seems to bring together people on a path to enlightenment. The more I bonded with fellow hikers, the more I felt we were all part of something bigger than our individual journeys.,As we all drew closer to Oz, my desire to stay in the game and complete the 70 miles seemed attainable. A sense of unity and team spirit propelled me on.,Tim stopped for cerveza at a roadside tavern and said we’d raise a glass together in Santiago. I waved goodbye and bounded up the road to walk with Dan and a group of Australians. Two Aussies compared the size of blisters plaguing their feet. Another claimed that pilgrims on the Camino often walk unknowingly beside escorted prisoners who are preparing to re-enter society.,A hush fell over the crowd when we reached a large stone cross or cruz surrounded by a mound of hundreds of stones. For centuries, pilgrims have carried stones from home, representing their burdens, to pile on top of this mound or others along the route.,I bowed my head and prayed for strength and guidance to help my disabled son on his journey. Then I tossed my stone onto the towering heap, and felt my worries lighten and my mind ease.,Under a cloud-covered sky on day six, Dan and I navigated a muddy, puddled trail. The air barely stirred, and was thick with an earthy, moldy odor. Soon we trudged through ground-beating rain and mist. My sneakers felt spongy once the downpour soaked my socks, but I pressed on. Nothing was coming between me and my Compostela or certificate of completion.,A couple who seemed unruffled by the rain passed us with a wave of a walking stick.,“Hey, how far are you two walking in this storm?” yelled Dan through the thunder.,“We stop at the albergue (overnight lodging) in Arzúa,” said the woman.,“That’s where we’re headed, too. Mind if we walk with you?” I asked.,We endured the elements with Irena and her boyfriend as we shared our stories. They were from Bulgaria and had started the Camino in Astorga, which is 98 miles east of Sarria. Irena, in near-perfect English, said that she had bought a new pair of shoes for the Camino but had not broken them in.,Her feet had become so blistery and sore that she bought a cheap but comfortable pair of sneakers today. She thought it coincidental that my name was Dorothy, reminding her of scenes from “The Wizard of Oz.” All that Dorothy had wanted was the Wicked Witch of the West’s shoes, so she could go back home.,“Now that I have new shoes and can make it to Santiago, Dorothy, you are my compass!” said Irena with a wink.,On day seven, about five miles from the Cathedral at Santiago de Compostela, fellow hikers were less chatty, trekking poles were driven hard into the trail, and bikers and horseback riders rode low and fast.,A large sign of hand-made letters on a wire backing spelled Santiago de Compostela. It was framed by discarded straw hats, colorful bandanas, sweatbands, socks, sneakers and anything else weighing down those headed to the homestretch.,My weary feet flew with a surge of adrenaline the last two miles toward an archway where a bagpiper’s song celebrated our journey’s end. As we reached a large plaza facing the Santiago Cathedral, I felt blessed and spiritually uplifted not only to have made it but to have bonded with nature and a global team of cheerleaders who had rooted me on. I wept tears of joy, others shouted with delight, and some looked up at the church spires in wonder and disbelief.,And then I heard a pair of violinists playing the song that had echoed through my head the entire hike, “Stairway to Heaven.” I had dreamed of the Camino for years. Finally, my feet had taken me where my heart had longed to go.,Take a tour of the Cathedral de Santiago de Compostela. The Cathedral, with its Romanesque structure, marks the traditional end of the Camino and is the reputed burial place of St. James, the patron saint of Spain. www.catedraldesantiago.es,Don’t miss the Museum of Pilgrimage and Santiago. This museum offers insight into the three great Christian pilgrimages, the history of the Camino de Santiago, St. James and experiences of individual pilgrims today. http://museoperegrinacions.xunta.gal/,Plan your trip now and book your flight with New Year Travel Deals here.,Author’s Bio: Dorothy Maillet is a writer and adventurer from Irvington, NY. Her travels have taken her across Europe, Asia, Africa and North America. She has been a freelance feature writer for Gannett Newspapers, and her stories have appeared in the anthology, A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel, Pembrokeshire Life (Wales), More Magazine, Westchester Life, BootsnAll Travel Guides, and Go World Travel Magazine.,Wonderful story of a journey along the Camino-de-Santiago! I felt as if I were there, making all these remarkable discoveries along with the author. What a great way to spend time until travel eases up and I can make the trip myself.,European capital cities may be more popular destinations, but don’t overlook these charming alternative destinations in Europe.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,There are so many amazing capital cities in the world. Each capital reflects the culture of the country, and no two capitals are the same. Often, a country’s capital is the most visited city in the country and can attract many visitors.,Capital cities are often also the most well-known, with many being simply iconic. However, when we step away from the likes of Paris, Amsterdam and Rome, which each are spectacular cities in their own right, it is possible to see that there are fantastic cities and regions overlooked in favour of capitals.,Here are some picks for the best alternatives to capital cities in Europe:,I would absolutely recommend visiting France’s iconic capital at least once. I have had my own romantic getaway to Paris and would recommend it to anyone, taking a romantic partner or not.,It is so jam-packed with amazing sights and things to do that you could go with a partner, friends, family, or simply go alone. When discussing going to France, Paris is likely the first destination that pops into mind.,I have been to France countless times to different areas of the country, with several friends living there, and can contend that there is so much more to see outside of Paris.,My personal favourite is the Alsace Region, a Germanic region of France that looks like it could have been pulled straight out of a fairytale.,The brightly painted buildings combined with the peaceful atmosphere of towns in this region makes it perfect to visit if you are looking for something a bit quieter than Paris.,I first visited the region in 2019 on a small trip around various places in North-Western Europe and absolutely fell in love with it.,The locals are insanely welcoming, the scenery looks like something out of a movie, and it really should be a crime to leave without trying the out-of-this-world chocolate in this region of France.,If you plan to visit and do not have long to do it, my top picks would be Strasbourg, Colmar and Mulhouse. There really is something to see everywhere you turn when visiting and your days there will never be boring. ,I visited both Stockholm and Gothenburg on a road trip around Scandinavia the summer before starting university. The home of ABBA, Stockholm is one of those destinations I had been so desperate to visit for many years.,My fascination with Sweden in general probably came from my obsession with Zara Larsson when she competed in and won the 2008 series of Talang (the Swedish version of the Got Talent franchise).,Admittedly, I had never heard of Gothenburg before this trip was planned and went there not knowing much at all about it. I wasn’t quite sure what to expect, but what I found was a never-ending scope of simply outstanding views.,This was not any typical boring city; the streets are lined with the most amazing colours, locals entertain with their instruments, and the best meatballs I’ve ever tasted can be found here.,Visitors can panoramically appreciate the entirety of the city by venturing to Skansen Kronan, to look over the city and take in the beauty of what locals are living in amongst.,Gothenburg also has a variety of canals that visitors can use if they wish to explore the city by boat. Visiting the city on a sunny day is sure to give travellers an unforgettable visual experience, with a bright and bustling atmosphere at every turn.,While Stockholm exceeded my expectations, I really had no expectations at all for Gothenburg, however the unexpected can often lead to the best experiences. ,It goes without saying that Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic, is my absolute favourite travel destination. I have been twice, once for my 18th birthday and also in Summer 2020 when leisure travel started to resume.,I am absolutely in love with Prague as I feel it really has everything; a wide variety of history, unique side streets, amazing nightlife, the best walking tours I have been on, and more.,I believe the city is absolutely faultless and I cannot recommend it enough, Prague is always the first destination I suggest when someone asks me for travel recommendations. However, the Czech Republic is full of smaller destinations catering to tourists, one of which being Brno.,Another destination I didn’t know of until a couple of years ago, Brno is close to major cities such as Vienna and Prague, making it a viable option for a day trip when looking for something outside of capital cities.,The city is full of outstanding architecture, and in comparison to Czechia’s famous capital, is extremely peaceful and perfect for someone wishing to venture to a destination to relax a little.,Brno is a charming destination that could leave a visitor wandering and roaming the streets for hours on end, with so much to see.,For those who love nature and consider themselves nature tourists, the surrounding areas of Brno are perfect for walking and taking in the countryside air. Travel does not always have to involve popular, well-known destinations.,There is a whole world outside of the typical choices of travel, and while these capital cities should be visited at least once, it is important to remember just how much is on offer outside of these capitals at alternative cities.,For exclusive flight deals, car rental reservations and vacation packages, check out CheapOair.,Find top-rated hotels, homes, hostels, cabins and more types of places to stay, wherever you want to travel, here.,Read about more exciting destinations in our articles here:,Author bio: Emma Ritchie,Thank you so much for these gripping articals I really injoyed reading and I took a lot of important information about the world wide,Brussels is the headquarters of Europe and is known for its beer, chocolate and amazing architecture. Here are 5 things to see in Brussels.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Nestled between France, Germany, Luxembourg and Holland, Belgium is a mosaic of cultures and languages. Brussels is a city that values the variety this brings and makes good use of it. Furthermore, the Belgian capital is home to a rich history spread over its many museums and emblematic buildings.,Belgium has only been a nation for less than two centuries. However, that has not prevented it from becoming the headquarters of several of the most important institutions in Europe.,Such as the European Parliament. In Brussels, we find the essence of Europe. There are charming cafes and stores, a characteristic bohemian atmosphere and beautiful avenues.,Brussels is beer, chocolate and its impressive Grand Place, considered the most beautiful square in the world. But it is also a place of palaces, galleries and museums where you can see the importance of Art Nouveau. Plus, there are many parks where you can stroll and relax.,The capital also serves as a good base to visit other Belgian cities such as Antwerp, Ghent or Bruges. In addition, getting around the country by train is very fast and simple.,In this article, you will learn of the 5 top things to do in Brussels. These sights will allow you to discover the essence of this vibrant city.,The heart of Brussels beats in its Grand Place. This is the perfect spot to begin a tour of the city. The writer Victor Hugo said that this square was the most beautiful in the world.,We will not be the ones to say otherwise. Its beauty lies in the perfect combination of architectural styles, from Gothic to Baroque, which has made it a World Heritage Site.,In this cobbled square, each of its buildings tells a piece of the history of this city since the eleventh century. Originally, this was the site of a food market. In fact, the names of the streets surrounding the square evoke cheese, herbs and poultry.,On one side stands the Gothic town hall, built in the 15th century. Another of the most important buildings on the square is the Maison du Roi.,This is a wooden building where formerly bread was sold. It now houses the Museum of the City where the hundreds of costumes that make up the wardrobe of the Mannekin Pis are kept.,Finally, the Maison de Ducs de Brabant is a set of neoclassical buildings with Flemish roots that is also worthy of admiration.,In addition, you cannot leave the Grand Place without sitting down to taste a Belgian beer on the terrace of Le Roi d’Espagne. From here you can contemplate this unsurpassed architectural ensemble and the movement of people in the square.,Very close to the Grand Place, in the old part of the Belgian capital, stands this statue created in 1388. Though only 55 centimeters high, it has become one of the most representative and beloved symbols of Brussels. It represents a naked child urinating in the basin of a fountain.,In 1698 a governor gave the first piece of clothing to the Mannekin Pis. There are now 650 outfits that have been given to him by the presidents of governments that have visited Brussels. On certain occasions during the year, the City Council dresses the original statue in one of these costumes.,These galleries were designed in 1847 and are the first commercial galleries in Europe. A huge glass dome covers the galleries letting light into the interior.,They are about 200 meters long and are divided into three zones: the Queen’s Gallery, the King’s Gallery and the Prince’s Gallery. These galleries connect the area of the Théâtre de La Monnaie with the Grand Place. They create a connection between the historical part of the city and the more modern part.,Since their construction, they have been a meeting point for artists and intellectuals as well as a destination for the wealthy class of Belgium.,Today, this beautiful gallery is a very busy spot in the city. Here, you can visit jewelry and chocolate shops and exclusive stores, eat in a restaurant and even enjoy a small theater and a cinema.,Brussels can boast of being one of the cities in Europe with the most green spaces per capita. The following three parks are some of the most beautiful and well-known in the city.,The Cinquantenaire Park is probably the most famous and most visited park in the city. It was created to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Belgium’s independence at the Universal Exposition of 1880.,Inside this park are several museums. These include Autoworld (the Automobile Museum), the Museum of Military History and the Museum of Art and History.,However, the largest park and the main place of recreation in the city center is the Parc de Bruxelles. It is in the heart of the Quartier Royal, so it is surrounded by major attractions of Brussels such as the Royal Palace or the Parliament.,Finally, in Elisabeth Park is the imposing Basilica of the Sacred Heart, the fifth-largest church in the world. It is in a suburb of Brussels, but certainly worth a visit.,This iron structure located on the outskirts of the city, in the Heizel district, is another icon of Brussels. It was built for the Universal Exposition of 1958. Although it was scheduled to be dismantled when the event ended, it was so well-liked that it remains permanently.,Its structure emulates the nine atoms of an iron crystal, which in turn represent the nine Belgian provinces, magnified several billion times.,In addition to admiring it from the outside, it is worth discovering its interior and its different spheres. Some of them contain a space reserved for a specific activity, such as exhibitions on its construction.,They are connected by tunnels with escalators. The most interesting is the upper one where there is a restaurant and a viewpoint from which you can see the city of Brussels.,Ready to plan a thrilling getaway to Brussels? Get prepared with knowledge of how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Pack all your favorite travel essentials and have extra space for shopping with top-rated luggage from AWAY Travel. Find the best travel bags, accessories and luggage for your needs here.,Author Bio: Based in France, Lucia Otero Medraño is Spanish with a master’s degree in travel journalism. She has worked in the tourism sector but her true passion is to live enriching experiences and discover amazing places around the world and write about them. In her spare time, she likes to enjoy her second passion, music.,I had an amazing time on my recent weekend trip to Brussels. The city is full of beautiful architecture, delicious food, and interesting museums. I particularly enjoyed visiting the Atomium and the European Parliament, and of course trying some of the famous Belgian chocolate and beer.,In the town of Yokohama, Japan, you can experience Noh, a form of classical Japanese dance-drama that has been performed since the 14th century,Do you remember the final match of the Rugby World Cup 2019? The game that South Africa won took place in Yokohama, the capital of Kanagawa Prefecture and the earliest memorable place that a rugby match took place in Japan’s history.,Yokohama is close to Tokyo, and will be a venue of the Tokyo Olympic Games in 2020 for football and baseball. Watching the matches in the stadiums of Yokohama will offer a good opportunity to view other tourist attractions and touch Japanese traditional cultures nearby such as Noh, a traditional masked dance-drama.,Noh is a form of classical Japanese dance-drama that has been performed since the 14th century. It’s the oldest major theatre art that is still regularly performed today, and it’s a strong symbol of traditional Japanese culture.,Yokohama, Japan is a harbor city with fine theater where Noh is performed. A visit to Yokohama offers the opportunity to watch this unique form of Japanese “opera”.,Some say that Noh is a form of Japanese “musical” or “opera.” Male main actors called shite wearing masks play a role, dance and chant with chorus and melocic accompaniment of drums and the flute.,While we don’t know the exact year Noh began, the primitive form called Sangaku came from China in the Nara period (710-784). The acrobatic street performance had evolved down through the ages and was completed in the Muromachi period (1336-1573).,Noh kept evolving while being protected in various dominions. The Yokohama Noh Theater was originally constructed in 1875 in the mansion of a feudal lord. At that time, local lords had to build private mansions in central Edo (Tokyo) where the general shogun (tycoon) lived. The lord of Kaga (now Ishikawa Prefecture) also needed to build his private compound. In its corner of the estate, the stage of the present theater was constructed in 1875.,The theater relocated once and finally dismantled in 1965. However, building components were placed in storage and it was reconstructed in 1997 in Yokohama. The stage has now revived indoors as part of the Yokohama Noh Theater.,“Even local Japanese people cannot precisely understand what the performers chant”,You may worry whether you can understand what performers and chorus members chant in the play. They explain the story with Japanese chant, but it is not necessary to worry about the language barrier.,This is because Noh protects its original form that was completed about hundreds of years ago and even ordinary Japanese people cannot precisely understand what they chant because they speak in older terms.,If you read or know the story in advance like other Japanese spectators, you can partly follow the story and feel the emotions of the performers. In addition, now the Yokohama Noh Theater has an audio guide for international travelers. This helps you understand the performance.,It is said that spectators should feel Noh as a whole, but don’t need to try and understand it. To feel more while watching the Noh play, try to soak in all its details, such as the design of the stage and the role of performers on the stage. Before visiting the theatre for Japanese “opera” in Yokohama, read up and research a little to deepen your impression.,Roof Above the Stage,Although the building is indoors, you can see the roof above the main stage. Only wrestling rings of sumo and stages for Noh play still have a roof because they were performed outside at one time.  Spectators once enjoyed sitting on the grass in front of the stage, where 439 seats are now set up surrounding the main stage.,Pillars,Pillars are also characteristic of Japanese Noh. Although the four corner pillars on the main stage may sometimes obstruct your view, they are very important for the main performer because he wears masks and lacks part of this sight. Pillars offer clues to the performer where he is at on stage.,Bridge,The adjacent bridge of the main stage is like a runway for the performers to appear. You can see pine trees along the way. The height of each tree is different to emphasize a sense of perspective.,Mirror Board,The mirror board called kagami-ita, where a pine and white plum tree with a ground bamboo at its base have been painted, acts as the stage background. The tree painted on the mirror board is usually a solitary pine tree, but the board of the Yokohama Noh Theatre is very rare. It is believed that plum is the family crest of Sugawara Michizane, who was the ancestor of the builder of the stage.,There are many performers on stage. The main masked performer is shite. Musicians sitting in front of the mirror board are hayashikata. Chorus members sitting in the right side of the main stage are jiutai, who chant to explain emotions of the main performer and make the story more dramatic.,The secondary actor called waki, who is sitting by the pillar on the right side of the stage, is the actor to support the main performer.,The Yokohama Noh Theatre is located near JR Sakuragi-cho Station. The theatre is in the central district of Yokohama. It’s just a 15-minute walk from the station to the theatre. Yokohama itself is a  30 to 40-minute train ride from Tokyo Station.,Author Bio: Masayoshi Sakamoto（坂本正敬）is a Japanese writer and translator based in Toyama, Japan. He writes news and columns for a number of publications and web magazines. He’s also in preparation for contributing to a new local magazine, HokuRoku as the editor-in-chief.,We had expected beautiful alpine villages in Switzerland but also found a land rich with cultural diversity by traveling off the beaten path.,At the Swiss hamlet of Andeer, the narrow upper Rhine cascades through a rocky gorge. Outside a cheese shop, a sign (freely translated) reads “Milk, cheese, curds and cream, help our people get up steam.”,The message is hardly surprising, but the language is unusual. It is Romansh, an ancient tongue now spoken by less than 1% of the Swiss population.,Nearby Zillis in Switzerland has a 12th-century Romanesque church. Some 153 painted wooden panels adorn the ceiling, each portraying supernatural creatures or scenes from the lives of Christ or Saint Martin.,Zillis, too, was once mainly Romansh-speaking. With subsidies for its teaching and publication of school books, Romansh remains one of Switzerland’s four official languages, and is still the primary school language for thousands of children in the sprawling southeastern canton of Graubünden.,My wife Annie and I are visiting a couple of dear old friends who live in Graubünden, Switzerland. They drive us around, and we make side trips by train.,We had expected beautiful mountain scenery and a prosperous land of clean efficiency. But we had never imagined the full diversity of the Swiss cultural tapestry, the quirky and endearing coexistence of the traditional and modern, and the way history is cherished and kept alive.,In the vibrant, Italian-speaking southern canton of Ticino, we visit sultry, almost Mediterranean Lugano. Palm trees thrive and the Italian Renaissance architecture is unlike that of the Germanic Swiss north. Cave-like grotto restaurants serve liver, tripe and horse steaks. The countryside has countless backyard vineyards.,At nearby Bellinzona, Julie, our personal guide, says that her brother-in-law is typical. He grows his own grapes, makes wine and has it distilled into about thirty liters of powerful grappa a year. American born, Julie says Ticino has the best of both worlds, combining the zest and flair of Italian culture with Swiss order, competence and reliability.,She takes us to three impressive 13th to 15th century castles that dominate Bellinzona, built by the dukes of Milan to command a strategic river valley and to tax trade along the passes leading northward. One castle hosts an annual medieval festival, with jousting, period costumes, and roast pig eaten from wooden bowls.,Another day, we ride the narrow-gauge Bernina Express over the Alps, through tunnels blasted more than 100 years ago. Some spiral-like corkscrews deep within the rock and emerge to cross tongue-bitingly high viaducts.,Our destination is Poschiavo, an enchanting village in another Italian-speaking region. We stay at the historic Albrici hotel, built in the 17th century. The 10 bedrooms feature antique furniture but no phones or TV.,We dine outside on the cobblestone piazza, between two ancient churches. The owner recommends regional main dishes. I enjoy flavorful buckwheat noodles in a creamy sauce. Annie savors the tasty spinach dumplings (gnocchi) with melted cheese.,Lingering over wine, we also drink in Italian village life on a warm evening. Families stroll through the piazza. Across the way, patrons sip drinks or espresso at a cafe. Suddenly, both church towers burst into a concert of pealing bells. The moment is romantic and sublime.,Even within the German-Swiss majority, there are minority subcultures. Our friend Andres is a Walser, the proud member of an alpine tribe that numbers about 20,000. They originated in the south-central canton of Wallis, and began an outward migration in the 13th century. They were attracted by empty high-elevation lands to settle and privileges offered by feudal lords in exchange for patrolling the mountain passes.,Unlike the mainly Romansh-speaking lowlanders, who were serfs leading restricted lives, the tough Walsers were true pioneers, free to move, establish independent villages, till the uplands, raise animals, and worship and marry as they pleased.,Andres tells stories of his upbringing on a subsistence farm high in the Praettigau Valley, just east of Chur, where he now works. Like his neighbors, his family had only a few cows, which he helped to feed and milk in winter; in summer they were moved up to higher grazing pastures. A few men milked everyone’s cows collectively and made cheese every day.,The cheese was brought down in autumn and divided up; this remains an annual festival. Each family also had a vegetable garden and perhaps a pig, chickens and rabbits. Yet they eked out a livelihood. Andres hiked, or sledded in winter, down to school in the larger village below.,Andres and his wife Margit drive us up switchback roads to a scenic Walser village, Tenna, overlooking the Safien valley. There is a two-room school, a cheese-making shop, and a church dating to 1524.,Houses have huge stacks of firewood. Cows and sheep graze nearby; in May, they have not yet been moved to higher slopes. Andres greets an elderly couple, who recognize his dialect. You must be from Praettigau, they say, and they are too. They have retired to this distant, yet also Walser, village.,It is a highly traditional place, but modern as well, with the world’s first solar powered ski lift. Photovoltaic panels line the slope. In the snow-free season, excess power is sold to the national energy grid.,Another evening, we attend a concert in Praettigau, in a village where one of Andres’ sisters now lives. He is the only one of five siblings who has left the valley. Between songs, the band tells jokes in Walser-German. Andres laughs along, but German-born Margit hardly understands a word.,If we were expecting Tirolean um-pa-pa music, we were mistaken. The popular local trio treats us to klezmer, gypsy, tango, blues and Celtic tunes. The sister is leaving for a cycling trip in Ireland. Everyone is from the valley, but they are well educated and speak remarkably good English. This is 21st century Switzerland. They are locals, but by no means yokels.,Swiss National Tourist Office – www.myswitzerland.com,My wife and I visit Tenna many times when we go to our extended family in Valendas. Though wet are from America and Russia, we always feel Tenna is the true home of our souls. ‘Home Valley’ as my wife calls it. The Church is always greeting us in the morning with peal of the bells in sunshine. Truly a beautiful place to visit with amazing people always friendly and polite to guests. Hope one day in the future the borders will again be open where we can come again to Switzerland without problems of overreaction to Covid-19 by governments…,Nice post. Too late for my trip plans, Chur will be as close as we get, and only for a day trip. Mayby on a future journey.,A “no-one-allowed-in” travel ban has kept this island community in Micronesia COVID-free. Here’s a first-hand look at life on Yap during these unusual times.,It’s nearly 7:00 am. A rooster is screeching in the taro patch beneath my bedroom window as the sun begins its ascent. In the far distance, another rooster screams in reply.,Back and forth they go in call and response like two preachers urging their flocks on. Unimpressed hens cluck and scratch nearby.,A state-side friend, the granddaughter of an Orthodox Jewish poultry merchant, facetiously suggested I put out corn kernels dipped in instant glue to stop the roosters’ screaming. If there were corn kernels to be had on this remote Pacific island, it’s a tempting idea at times.,I live in Colonia, the only town on a 38½ square mile island called Yap, just 9 degrees north of the equator in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.,The 607 islands and atolls that make up Yap’s independent mother country, the Federated States of Micronesia, are scattered like pearls tossed from the hand of the ocean goddess Amphitrite across 1 million square miles of open water.,Four of the 65 inhabited islands serve as the country’s states. Yap is one of them. Dubbed “The Land of Stone Money” by the island’s tourist bureau in honor of the traditional form of currency, Yap is also reputed to have one of the most intact ancient cultures in the entire region.,Stretching 600 miles east of Yap’s main island are 78 outer islands and atolls, of which only 18 are inhabited. As the government and commercial center, Colonia is a crossroads set midpoint between the north and south ends of these four contiguous islands that make up the mainland.,In this ancient clan culture, whether you are from the north or the south is an important marker that remains with you from birth to death. Not unlike the island that I’m from – New York City’s Manhattan island — that has its own north-south dividing point.,With no animals on this patch of volcanic rock and clay, other than feral dogs and cats and penned pigs that are given cracked coconuts to grow fat on, corn kernels would need to be ordered from Amazon.,And that would mean waiting for several weeks, or even months, while the package wends its way across the Pacific Ocean on a container ship from southern California with stops at islands between there and Guam, where the packages are transferred to Yap’s twice-weekly United flight.,However, that was before the pandemic slammed into the world and all travel was banned by the national government. Currently, there are only 10 countries in the world that are covid-free. All are Pacific Island nations.,The mail now comes in from Guam every Thursday on an Asia Pacific Air flight contracted to pick up the commercial fish haul and large plastic bins of pre-packaged betel nut for export to regional markets. Supply ships also arrive intermittently during the month laden with food, cars, construction materials, and other supplies.,Strict protocols are in place to prevent COVID from hitchhiking in. The crews are not allowed to have contact with the local workers and all incoming mail and cargo is quarantined for four days and sanitized at the airport and dock before it can be opened.,Only then will a frayed, yellow card announcing the arrival of a package be put in my mailbox at the one US Post Office that serves the entire state and its 11,000 residents. The post office is bustling every Tuesday afternoon when the mail is released from its confinement.,United is now flying in once a month or so to take passengers who are allowed to leave to Guam. Non-citizens of FSM, patients in need of care not available at Yap’s small hospital, and students going back to school fill a few of the seats.,All other FSM citizens that don’t meet that criteria are required to stay put. And once off the island, no one is allowed to come back in until the travel ban is lifted. It’s unknown when that might be.,As a US citizen, I could leave, but why tempt fate someplace else while Yap is still safe.,FSM issued an emergency declaration on January 31 that banned entry by anyone coming from China or another infected location. The declaration was renewed and the door was finally shut to everyone in late March when the last 145 passengers arrived in Yap from Guam and Palau.,They were immediately quarantined for nearly one month upon arrival, the first two weeks spent at two hastily furnished and prepared schools and in the gymnasium of the sports complex depending on their arrival date. For the other two weeks, they were directed to stay at home in self-quarantine.,When sent home, several of the passengers ignored the mandate and were reported to be wandering around the community. Swabs were taken from them and sent to Guam, the nearest location with test kits by then.,They were told to stay home and a temporary nighttime curfew was put in place, basic handwashing stations set around the island, and social distancing advised in an attempt to prevent the spread of the virus in case they exhibited symptoms or tested positive. Three of them experienced COVID-like signs during their confinement and were immediately isolated in the hospital’s ICU.,Everyone breathed a sigh of relief when the tests came back negative, but the concern was still high among the doctors and nurses when it was reported by the CDC that the tests were not 100%.,Once cleared, the patients were released and sent home to finish their mandated quarantine. Since then, the island’s Health Crisis Task Force has received test kits for on-site testing.,Even with no daily fear of contracting the virus, life has been disrupted much as it has been in other parts of the world. With the travel ban and the arrival of the last group of passengers came the shutdown of the handful of small, family-owned hotels and dive resorts.,Most of their employees were sent home. Government offices and schools shut down for several weeks. Residents were – and still remain – stranded in Guam, Hawaii and Oregon, among other locations. Students attending college in Guam, Hawaii and the mainland US had to find places to stay when their schools closed.,The FSM Congress announced financial aid for those who were unemployed and provided some assistance to those who were unable to return from overseas. But it took several months to set up the program and manage the application process.,Most families have small gardens and everyone has a taro patch. Taro does not require cultivation until needed, providing food security along with the staples of bananas and coconuts.,The FSM Congress announced this past week that they are working on a solution to repatriate those who have been unable to return home.,But many who remain in Yap, including the state’s Health Crisis Task Force, do not want to open the border until a cure or vaccine is available. They warn that the virus will race through the small population of only 7,000 inhabitants once it arrives.,Among the equipment and supplies that have been ordered are dozens of body bags. The small mortuary next to the hospital will be overwhelmed. Bodies will need to be rotated in and out of cooling units due to its limited capacity.,The Health Crisis Task Force was already working together to combat an outbreak of dengue fever beginning in late 2018. Now their attention has turned to COVID-19 with an increased number of people from the non-profit and public sectors serving on the committee.,A command center was established at the small hospital and twice-daily meetings begun. Subcommittees were formed to address everything from where to establish a quarantine and isolation site and how to educate the public on this new health threat, to developing protocols for the unexpected arrival of fishing and pleasure boats, the arrival and immediate burial of human remains that might be contaminated at an off-island mortuary, and the possibility that an airplane might be grounded and the crew required to be housed safely away from airport personnel.,Just last week a commercial fishing boat went aground on the reef late at night. They have been fishing in closed FSM waters for several months, long enough that it’s doubtful they have COVID. ,But precautions were taken and the crew of nine transferred to their life raft and were towed to shore where they were isolated in temporary tents, provided food and water, and met with trained nurses wearing masks, face shields, gloves, gowns and other protective gear to administer the test.,A team was sent out to the boat by the Yap Fishing Authority to unload the fuel and take care of other emergency environmental procedures.,The small staff of doctors, nurses, lab technicians and support staff are doing their jobs as usual, but they were swiftly caught up in the planning, preparation and training needed to respond to the virus when it arrives.,One hazard is the common practice of communal living in these islands. Extended families live together with mothers, fathers, children, grandparents, aunts and uncles from newborns to elders interacting daily.,A group of trained COVID educators fanned out and visited every home to hand out brochures and help identify areas where family members could be isolated if and when necessary. They also visited every business on the island to assess readiness against certain criteria.,I got a knock on my door one Saturday morning from the woman assigned to my village. She handed me a brochure explaining preventative measures, the signs of infection and what to do if I experience any of them.,She then filled in a form with my name and contact information and asked a few questions, before moving on to my neighbors: Where do you get your water from? Is it filtered? Do you have somewhere to isolate yourself? How many people live with you? Where do you work?,With no COVID on the island, I am not confined to my apartment like my friends in the U.S. and Australia. The government offices are open again and schools are back in session. The hotels remain closed, but the few restaurants and all of the shops are open.,I am free to move around, go to the laundromat, meet friends for lunch, attend business meetings, and visit the stores to see what’s come in on the most recent supply ship.,I also meet with two Russian friends twice a week to help them increase their English language skills. Last night they invited me to have grilled lobster at their home outside of town, and tomorrow we’re going to motor out to the reef on their small boat.,The stores have spray bottles of alcohol hanging on the outside of their doors; the banks and post office have put down orange tape on their floors to indicate the six feet of distance required when standing in line; we’re told to practice social distancing, which the national government mandated recently, but no one adheres to it; and we still shake hands. That will change when the travel ban is lifted.,In normal times now past, visitors arrived from the United States, Canada, Germany and other points on the map to experience this rarified place and dive with the manta rays.,Now we wait for the new normal to arrive, a normal that no one can predict or fully comprehend.,It’s not tropical heat that has kept the virus at bay. It’s a rock-solid, no-one-allowed-in travel ban and a health crisis task force that’s been working around the clock for the last seven months to make sure nothing breaches the reef that surrounds this island that sits near the edge of the Yap Trench, a branch of the more famously deep Marianas Trench.,Despite the preparation, it’s agreed that it’s not a matter of “if” but “when” the virus arrives. Most agree it’s best to keep the gate closed as long as possible despite the challenges.  So we wait and watch for what will happen next.  But for now, we are safe.,I am in my fifth year of living in this green forest of cultivated taro patches and palm, coconut, mango, lemon, mahogany and breadfruit trees surrounded by a natural ocean aquarium filled with manta rays, reef sharks, sea turtles, octopuses, and thousands of brightly colored reef fish, anemones and coral.,At night, land crabs scuttle across the road under the light of the moon while fruit bats whoosh overhead searching for insects.,During the day, the sun beats down, waves are heard in the distance crashing against the fringing reef beyond the harbor, and the strutting roosters continue to compete for dominance beneath my window while a small, green gecko perches motionlessly above the window waiting for a tasty fly to come by.,Read More About Yap:
T-Shirt Economy on Yap
MantaFest on Yap
Festival on Yap,Author Bio: Joyce McClure is a freelance writer and photographer who moved to the remote island of Yap in the western Pacific Ocean in August 2016 as a Peace Corps Response Volunteer after a long career in public relations. At the end of her service, she decided to remain in Yap to continue writing and working with community organizations., ,Fascinating piece! I really enjoyed reading about her life and am inspired to head to the tropics as soon as I can!,Stonehenge is a popular day trip destination from London. Find out the best sights to see while on your visit to the legendary Stonehenge.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,A visit to London, England, is always filled with history, art and culture. Equally delightful are the numerous day trips that a visitor can embark on from London, with palaces, castles, gardens, scenic wonders and more, all merely a short train or bus ride away.,On one such day trip from London, I too came away with memories that will last me a lifetime. ,My husband and I boarded a tour bus from Central London one cold December morning, ready to spend a history-soaked day in Stonehenge. The bus quickly filled up with eager tourists and after a short introductory speech by the tour guide, off we went. ,Stonehenge, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, lies in Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire County in England and is one of the most popular day trip destinations from London. After about a two-hour drive, as the bus approached the hallowed site, I got the first distant glimpse of the timeless megaliths.,The tour started at the sleek visitors center where after getting our tickets, we entered a museum of exhibits. The Stonehenge Exhibition displays artifacts such as jewelry, pottery, and tools discovered at the site.,But most people, including us, crowded around to see the reconstruction of a 5000-year-old human face assembled from bones found at the site.,Outside, the reconstructed Neolithic dwellings were another attraction. The huts recreate the prehistoric homes found at Durrington Walls, about a mile away from Stonehenge.,Inside, the space was laid out with seats, a sleeping area, a fireplace and household items, bringing to life the everyday activities of people who lived here around 2500 BC. ,Find skip-the-line tickets to the Stonehenge site here.,No one really knows why Stonehenge was built, but theories abound. Some say it was a religious site while others speculate it was used as a calendar. According to scientists, it was probably an astronomical observatory.,There is one certainty that prevails amidst the mystery – Stonehenge was built in three phases, starting in the fourth millennium BC much before the construction of the Pyramids of Egypt.,And when the final phase was completed, the Neolithic Age had given way to the Bronze Age, and a total of about 4500 years had passed by. ,Around 3100 BCE, a mammoth circular ditch, about six feet deep, was dug here with a 360-foot wide bank, heralding the First Phase. This megastructure, known as a henge, had a large entrance on the northeast with a smaller entry point to the south. ,Inside the henge, 56 pits were found, each three feet in diameter. They were subsequently called Aubrey Holes after the 17th-century archeologist John Aubrey who discovered them. ,Were the pits filled with upright wooden beams or upright bluestones? No one knows; except that it would be a feat if it were bluestones, as they weigh 2 to 4 tons each and were mined 250 miles away in Wales. ,During the Second Phase which commenced about 200 years later, upright wooden posts were erected in the center and near the two entrances to the henge. At this time, the entire structure also functioned as a cremation ground as evidenced by the many human remains found here. ,The Third Phase is surely the most spectacular and this is what tourists come to see today.,About 500 years after the second phase, the wooden beams or perhaps the massive bluestones were removed and somehow 30 gigantic sarsen stones, quarried from nearby Marlborough Downs, were placed upright in the henge forming a 108 feet diameter circle.,These stones were then connected by 30 similarly massive lintel stones. ,Take a top-rated half-day audio tour around Stonehenge here.,Once the visitors center tour is finished, you can take a shuttle to reach Stonehenge, but my husband and I decided to walk. ,The path winds through verdant grasslands and I was excited to see herds of sheep grazing the lands and clumps of rooks and crows all along the paths. ,The crows were flying, resting on top of the fence along the path, congregating on the ground, adding an air of mystery to the surroundings. The sky was a shiny blue, dotted with clouds, the weather bitterly cold – in fact, it was the perfect kind of weather to visit a sacred ground such as this. ,I found out later that the birds use the nooks and crannies in the stones as their nesting ground and I was delighted to see one perched on top of a massive stone creating a picture-perfect scene. ,See all you can in a short time on the Stonehenge express tour here.,You can’t enter the circle of stones (a specially ticketed Stone Circle Experience can be booked and it takes place outside of general visiting hours), but that was not a  problem. I could walk right up to the roped-off hallowed stones and let my imagination flow. ,I have to say, though I had seen enough pictures and even videos of Stonehenge earlier, seeing them in person is a sublime experience. Because really, it boggles the mind to think how the entire structure was established. ,The audio guide I was listening to told me that the stone circle is an alignment of stones for the movement of the sun. ,The idea of Stonehenge’s relationship with the solar and lunar calendar was first considered by scholars in the 18th century because they saw that during the midsummer solstice the sunrise was exactly framed by the end of the horseshoe of stones at the monument’s interior, and the midwinter sunset was framed at exactly the opposite point which was the center of the bend of the horseshoe.,It is truly an engineering feat that makes the sun’s rays flood the inner circle with sunlight on the summer and winter solstice, the longest and shortest days of the year, composing a corridor of sunshine. ,Though the stones that emulated a doorway were most fascinating, I was intrigued by the singular upright stones: the smaller bluestones in the inner ring and the behemoth sarsens that resembled giant menhirs but with flat tops. ,What was their purpose? Why were they not attached with a lintel stone? I don’t think anyone will ever find out the real answers.  Stonehenge will continue to be a mystery.,I know that visiting oft-touristed sites is sometimes looked down upon, Stonehenge after all is inundated by close to a million visitors a year, but there’s no denying that seeing these mighty, man-made stone formations, one of the most famous prehistoric monuments, was exhilarating.  ,Experience Stonehenge to the fullest on this best-selling full-day tour here.,A visit to Stonehenge can also be combined with other places of interest close by. Only about 20 miles north lies Avebury, a part of the Stonehenge World Heritage Site. Purists often swear by Avebury and pick it as a must-see destination over Stonehenge. ,The site is free to visit and less crowded, the 4000-year stone circle, though not all stones are there anymore, is the world’s largest and visitors are allowed to walk amidst the stones.,Also, within the Stonehenge World Heritage Site and about two miles away is Woodhenge, a Neolithic era timber circle.,Do not be confused by what you see today – the grounds are covered with concentric rings of concrete posts which are merely markers for the original timber posts that made six concentric ovals where the long axis pointed to the summer and winter solstices.,The lovely, chalk grasslands at Bratton Camp and White Horse, a 30-minute drive from from Stonehenge, originally held an Iron Age settlement/ Today, it offers spectacular views of Wiltshire countryside.,A 20-minute drive from Stonehenge will bring you to the famed Salisbury Cathedral in Salisbury. Truly a wondrous beauty of architecture, the cathedral was built within a span of 36 years, starting in 1220, and is a magnificent example of the Early English Gothic style. ,A variety of tours are available, both free and ticketed. The cathedral holds one of the four copies of the Magna Carta, the best-preserved one according to the cathedral’s website. ,The 1215 document granted by King John holds forth the argument that a king and his government cannot be above the rule of law and is essentially the first written European constitution.  ,See both the Stonehenge and city of Salisbury on a guided tour here.,For those interested in seeing still more Iron Age sites, there’s Old Sarum with a history that encompasses a prehistoric settlement followed by a Roman settlement which then became Salisbury, the most important Middle Ages city. ,It shouldn’t be mistaken for the cathedral city of today, which was established in the 13th century with stones taken from buildings and quarried from Old Sarum or Old Salisbury. ,Today, you can tour the rubble ramparts of the castle and the remains of the old cathedral and see the Roman roads. All around you will be the fantastic vistas of the Wiltshire landscape. ,Stonehenge tours that begin in London are sometimes combined with a visit to the Cotswolds. A sprawling 800-acre area that includes exquisite English villages, market towns, castles, gardens, estates and a variety of natural world delights, the Cotswolds can very well be a holiday destination in and of itself.,There is the 102-mile Cotswold Way, winding through rural woodlands and meadows, past medieval era homes, churches and estates, all built of golden, honey-colored limestone. The Cotswolds is designated as an “Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty” and is a protected landscape. ,The tours from London usually visit Lacock, a village in Wiltshire that dates from the 13th century. Lacock Abbey was founded in 1229 and a trip to the abbey and the village is akin to taking a step back in time as it has been preserved beautifully.,Experience the majesty of Cotswolds on this full-day tour here.,Our Stonehenge trip was combined with a half-day visit to Bath, about an hour’s drive away. The whole city is a UNESCO World Heritage City, the only one in the UK, and it is easy to understand why. ,With glorious scenery and splendid architecture, Bath is a pleasure to visit. Our tour started at the well preserved Roman Baths, which give the city its name. ,The Romans called the city Aquae Sulis, famous as a religious spa. The incredible museum collection highlights the history through a spectacular collection of objects and walkthroughs amidst Roman courtyards, temples and sacred springs. ,Later, we admired the Georgian architecture of the Royal Crescent and the Victorian Gothic style of Bath Abbey. ,For the literary-minded, a stop at The Jane Austen Centre is a must, where you can step inside the world of Bath’s most famous resident. Our Bath sojourn concluded with some delicious afternoon tea and accompanying delicacies at a local tearoom. ,For a much grander experience, you can indulge in a traditional afternoon tea replete with dainty sandwiches, decadent pastries and the very British scones with clotted cream and strawberry preserves at The Pump Room restaurant, a Bath mainstay for over two centuries.,Or you could enjoy the sumptuous tea spread at the Regency Tea Room located inside Jane Austen Centre.,See all the best English sites, including Bath, on this top-rated guided tour here.,Many tours to Stonehenge also include a trip to Windsor Castle, located in Windsor, the idyllic town that has been home to British royalty for centuries. With over 1000 lavish rooms, Windsor Castle is well known as the largest and longest-occupied royal castle in the world. ,The mighty stone fortress was founded by William the Conqueror in the 11th century and today it serves as a Royal residence for the Queen of England. Visitors like to look out for the Royal flag flying from the castle’s Round Tower as it signifies the Queen in residence. ,Covid-19 protocols are followed at all sites and tickets must be booked in advance for visits. Current information can be found at all websites. ,Find skip-the-line tickets to Windsor Castle and book ahead here.,Read our articles about other destinations here:,Author Bio: Susmita Sengupta, an architect by background from New York City, loves to travel with her family. Her articles are published in many online travel magazines including at Go World Travel. ,I enjoy learning about and exploring ancient artifacts and relics. Is a good spot to go think by yourself. I appreciate you taking the time to explain that.,I enjoy learning about and exploring ancient artifacts and relics. Is a good spot to go think by yourself. I appreciate you taking the time to explain that.,What a nice destination. It is beautiful like bob the robber,An attractive destination. I like antiquity and its historical traces. Is a suitable place to go alone and ponder. Thank for your sharing.,Thank you for your comment!,Nicaragua, the land of lakes, volcanoes and beaches, has come a long way in the last decade, with appealing visitor attractions and accommodations.,A decade ago, as my husband and I sat in our hotel room overlooking the small Nicaraguan harbor town of San Juan del Sur, about two hours west of the capital of Managua, we agreed there was no need to ever return. The hotel, the best in town at that time, had all the ambiance of the Bates Motel ofPsycho fame.,Other than brilliant sunsets, the small town had little to offer. The crescent beach was littered with debris, a rusting hulk of a ship lazed, lopsided, on the beach with a sign affixed: “Do not urinate on the beach.” That alone was enough to strengthen our resolve to check San Juan del Sur off our “we-have-to-return-someday” list.,But resolutions are made to be broken. A decade later, the view from 4-star Pelican Eyes Hotel, a boutique hotel with a unique, free-form style nestled amid jungle vegetation above the town, showed a different San Juan. The harbor was dotted with small yachts, fishing boats and sailboats. High on the hill, expensive private homes afford their owners a sweeping view of the ocean. The town is abuzz with building and energy.,While eating a gourmet dinner, al fresco, by the hotel’s infinity pool, we marveled at what a difference a decade makes. Two weeks of driving around Nicaragua made us we realize not only can one go back, oneshould go back.,All travel in Nicaragua starts in Managua, situated 28 miles (45 k) inland from the Pacific Ocean, on the shores of Lake Managua. After being leveled by the earthquake of 1972, followed by 30 years of moldering in the tropical sun, the city center of Managua is rising like the Phoenix.,A decade ago the city center was a series of grassy blocks where buildings once stood, except for the InterContinental Hotel, a white, pyramid-shaped building, which survived the earthquake unscathed. Easily seen from everywhere in the city center, it had been our landmark and one of the few upscale accommodations in Managua.,On the way into the city center this time, I said to my husband, John, who was driving, “Don’t worry, I know exactly where we are going. We just need to spot the InterContinental.” But where was it? We drove by the hotel twice, without realizing it. Then we spotted it.,The InterContinental is now the Crowne Plaza. It still retains its classic pyramid shape, but it has been completely remodeled — and it is partly hidden by a hotel convention center and a casino. A new InterContinental is only a 10-minute drive away, as is a Holiday Inn Express. Between the three hotels there are malls, more hotels and fountains.,In the city center, only the stark remains of the old Managua Cathedral, destroyed during the ’72 quake, the Rubin Dario Theatre and a few other buildings stand as reminders of the past.,For me the most intriguing site in Managua is the Huellas de Acahualinca Museum. Here, preserved forever, are 10,000-year-old footprints of men, women, children and animals desperately fleeing a deadly rain of volcanic ash. As I stared at the footprints I could feel a glimmer of their terror, and wondered, “Did they survive?”,Nicaragua is a country of lakes, volcanoes and beaches. From Managua, we headed toward the colonial town of Granada — 27 miles (45 k) north of Managua, on the north shore of Lake Nicaragua — making a detour to Laguna de Apoyo, a volcanic-crater lake.,From the steep side of the crater wall we looked down at the large, dark lake ringed by tropical vegetation. The lake was calm and inviting, but the steep walk down the steps was not.,Thinking about the mountain-goat climb from the lake back up to our room, I advised John, “It’s one trip a day for me! Let’s have lunch at the lakeside restaurant and take our swimsuits with us, so we won’t have to climb back up until after a swim.”,The day was hot, but the water was refreshing. I lounged on the deck, basking in the sun, while my husband sailed a catamaran. It was an afternoon of total relaxation — until we had to climb back up.,Colonial Granada, founded in 1524 by conquistador Francisco Hernández de Córdoba on the shore of Lake Nicaragua, Central America’s largest lake, is getting a facelift. The town’s central plaza still has the ambiance of colonial times, as horse-drawn carriages go clip clopping along. Pastel buildings contrast with the deep blue sky.,We stayed just off the main square in the 19th century La Gran Francía, once a private home, now a beautiful boutique hotel. I felt immediately at home. It was an oasis of relaxation and tranquility. The rooms surrounding the small pool have a feeling of privacy, yet it is but steps from the central plaza.,In the afternoon, John and I drove to a nearby park, where we boarded a boat for a two-hour scenic boat ride to Las Isletas islands, a beautiful volcanic archipelago. Some of the more than 300 islands are inhabited, but most are covered with vegetation, making it a rich habitat for birds.,The largest of the islands, Ometepe, has two volcanoes, Madera and Concepci ón — which rises 5,250 feet (1,600 m) above the island. Clouds frequently shroud the volcanoes, but for a lucky few minutes the cloud halo dissipated, and we were treated to the sight of two perfect cones.,Lake Nicaragua is home to the world’s only freshwater sharks. “Not to worry,” said our boatman, “they are so rare that only a few lucky people ever get to see one.”,We nearly decided to skip the old capital, León, two hours north of Managua, but are glad we did not. The people of this city are beginning to realize that their colonial heritage is a tourist draw, and are painting buildings and offering horse-and-carriage rides. It is a city of churches and museums, including the Metropolitan Cathedral, where Rubén Darío, Nicaragua’s famed poet, who lived from 1867 to 1916, is buried.,The best place to stay here, El Convento Hotel, a new hotel with an old look, is adjacent to the San Francisco Church. We entered to find a large central garden with towering royal palms, halls with colonial artifacts and spacious guestrooms with the simplicity of a convent and all the conveniences of today. Across the street is Centro de Arte Fundación Ortiz Gurdián, Nicaragua’s premier art museum.,Parts of the museum are open to the sky, and I noticed mold on the walls. “The weather is so hot and humid, won’t it destroy the paintings?” I asked an attendant. He explained that it was a problem, but fans and other devices help keep the humidity down. I had my doubts.,One of our favorite places when we visited Nicaragua 10 years ago was Selva Negra (Black Forest) Mountain Resort and Coffee Estate, in the mountains near Matagalpa, about two hours north of Managua. It was one place that seemed unchanged. The owners, Eddy and Mausi Kühl, have their own little kingdom. The gate man raised the “control gate,” and we entered.,Scattered throughout the lush green forest at the foot of cloud-capped mountains are quaint, half-timbered cabins. It is a place to relax, to hike through the forest and even to get married.,The Kühls built a stone church so their four daughters could get married at Selva Negra. The church, its moss-covered roof sprouting orchids, would look at home in Bavaria; it is the perfect setting for a fairy-tale wedding.,Mausi loves to give tours of the coffee plantation, taking great pride in all they have created in the past 25 years. “We have a school for the [plantation workers’] children, a store, and everything we need is organically produced.,Now we are raising flowers. We have our own chickens and cows, so we make our own cheese and sausage. We use the refuse from the coffee beans to make gas to cook with. We use everything.”,My favorite time at Selva Negra is in the early morning, sitting in the open-air restaurant overlooking the pond. The clouds halo the mountains, the red flowers are fresh with dew, the ducks slide across the mirror-calm water, and squawking geese parade as if on guard duty. Slowly the sun burns through the clouds, and the mountains and flowers are reflected in the pond. It is always hard for us to leave Selva Negra.,Our last stop in Nicaragua is always the Barceló Playa Montelimar resort, once the ranch of deposed dictator Somoza, about 90 minutes west of Managua. The all-inclusive resort on one of the most beautiful Pacific beaches was an anomaly 10 years ago, but it will soon have competition, as other hotel chains are building or considering building on the coast.,The resort offers Caribbean-style resort living at low Nicaraguan prices. The biggest change in the past 10 years is that the property has doubled in size. We alternated between swimming in the pool and walking on the beach, with a break for resort activities such as dance lessons. In the evenings we watched the sun set over the Pacific, then enjoyed Vegas-style stage shows.,Nicaragua is on its way to being “the new Costa Rica” — it is perfect for a wedding, a honeymoon or an adventurous vacation featuring smoking volcanoes, pristine beaches, colonial villages, rain forests, artisan markets and friendly people. As the tourist brochure proclaims, Nicaragua is “a land where the sun greets you every morning.”,Driving to the airport in Managua, John and I talked about how safe we felt here; we agreed with Chris Buyer, the owner of Pelican Eyes, that Nicaragua is now one of the safest Latin American countries. John pondered, “Imagine, 10 years ago Nicaragua was considered a risky place to visit. I wonder what changes will occur in the next 10 years?”,If You Go,Nicaraguan Tourism Institute,www.visitanicaragua.com,Pelican Eyes Hotel & Resort,www.piedrasyolas.com,Crowne Plaza Hotels,www.crowneplaza.com,La Gran Francía Hotel y Restaurante,www.lagranfrancia.com,Hotel El Convento,www.hotelelconvento.com.ni,Selva Negra Mountain Resort and Coffee Estate,www.selvanegra.com,Barceló Playa Montelimar Hotel,www.barcelo.com,Investigating the importance — and decline — of local architecture in Malawi, Africa.,It begins with the greetings -“Muli bwanji” (How are you?). The response is always the same – “Zikomo” (Fine thank you.),My guide and I, having seen this homestead with its interesting decorations of vibrant wall paintings, have decided this would be a great example of African vernacular architecture to document.  A row of shrubs defined the dusty ground as a yard complete with a mango tree in the front. A noticeable feature was how clean the homestead was kept, swept clean of sticks and leaves every morning. After the initial greeting, our guide explained in Chewa why we were here and asked permission to take pictures.,I traveled to Malawi last year to document the vernacular architecture. This is architecture that is based on local needs and reflects local traditions. I had been to Malawi 20 years earlier as a Peace Corps volunteer serving in neighboring Zambia. It was in a tiny village, living in a mud hut that I developed my passion for African vernacular architecture. Later, while teaching architecture at the CopperBelt University in Kitwe, Zambia, I obtained a grant to document the vernacular architecture in Zambia.,I wanted to return to Africa to conduct more research because the lack of information available online regarding African vernacular architecture concerned me. I chose Malawi because I had been there before. Malawi is a small country which could be traveled in less than a month and the people are incredibly friendly. That is the reason Malawi is referred to as “the warm heart of Africa.”,Vernacular architecture in Malawi is like most countries in Africa — it is disappearing, being abandoned in favor of western materials and techniques. And that is unfortunate, since vernacular structures are a part of a country’s culture as much as language, music or food.,There is only a small window in which to document Malawi vernacular architecture since construction is tied to the seasons and the land. Construction takes place only after the rainy season is finished. The rains end, the land dries out and thatch is ready to be cut and dried. Home owners make clay bricks with a wooden mold, either to be sun-dried or burnt in a kiln. Roof frames are built, constructed of wood from a tree or from bamboo. Bamboo stalks and thatch are woven together to create a basket weaving design, which is then used to build granaries and other structures. That was the seasonal schedule I was working around.,Malawi is a very linear country, it stretches from north to south with Lake Malawi hugging most of the eastern side. For my general research, the country was divided into three areas; North, Central and South Malawi. My schedule allowed for one week in each area. The south is hilly and densely populated; the architecture is mainly constructed of burnt bricks. The central area is fertile land with well-populated plains. Many areas had homestead structures constructed of rammed-earth. The northern area of Malawi is mountainous and sparsely populated.,Malawi has two major cities; Lilongwe, the capital, is centrally located, while Blayntyre is in the southern part of the country. Lilongwe is bigger and much more spread-out than Blayntyre which is more concentrated. I flew into Blayntyre and through contacts I arranged to stay with a VSO volunteer.  My number one goal was to find a vehicle and driver to hire for three weeks. I had no set schedule; we would drive from one city to the next, making sure we arrived by nightfall. What we needed was basic; a room to sleep in, food for dinner, the ability to fill up the tank and access to an ATM.,The plan for the research was very simple, we would drive down roads both paved and not. When I noticed something to document — decorations on a home, walls under construction — we would turn around, park the truck and walk into the homestead, to the front door of the main home. We would exchange greetings — which are a big part of Malawian culture — and my guide would explain the project in Chewa, answering any questions the home owner might have. Eventually, we would ask permission to photograph.,I was surprised at the reactions of the home owners about our research. They were primarily proud, even shocked that we wanted to take pictures of their homes. I was overwhelmed by the friendliness, openness and hospitality of the Malawian people.,The most unique thing I saw on the entire trip — and there were many — was a pedestrian bridge spanning the South Rukuru River in the village of Kandewe in northern Malawi. This bridge has been around since 1904 and is still in use although repairs are done as needed. There is no concrete or steel, composed instead of wood branches, bamboo and vines. It looked like something from the movie set of “Indiana Jones” with holes as big as my sandal. On my first attempt to cross, I walked about 15 feet and froze. After a short break to regain my confidence, I managed to make it to the other side and back again.,The research, being loose in structure, did not go as smoothly as one would like. Incidents that at the time were stressful and seemed like a disaster are now just part of a good story. For example, there was the time that we were driving up a mountain and the road marked on the map was actually more of a suggestion. Or the times we were desperate enough to try to purchase black market petrol. And then there was the time my driver was pulled over and ordered to go down to the local police station.,My fondest memory will be of the people in Malawi. We stopped at more than 300 villages and homesteads. The one-on-one interactions, plus the crowds of small children who followed us with curiosity, will forever be on my mind. I experienced the warm heart of Africa in a wonderful, unique way. I consider the research successful, with the video and 4,700-plus images online for all to see. I am proud to be able to share these homes, and the people who own them, with the world., Author Bio: Jon Sojkowski is a registered architect with a passion for African vernacular architecture. The interest began when he was a Peace Corps Volunteer, living in a mud hut in Zambia. He was provided the opportunity to document the vernacular architecture in the entire country. In 2014 he ran an Indie GoGo campaign to conduct similar research in Malawi. In addition to his African Vernacular Architecture Database, his research can be seen on his websites Zambia Vernacular Architecture, MalawiVernacular Architecture, and Swaziland Vernacular Architecture. Jon lives in Beaufort, South Carolina and is actively looking for opportunities to conduct more documentation in Africa.,Want the feel of a European escape without leaving North America? Here are the top 10 things to do in Québec City, Quebec in Canada.,Québec City is unique among North American cities. Founded by French settlers in 1608, the city has clung tenaciously to its cherished roots. With its cobblestone streets, 17th- and 18th-century architecture, and outdoor cafes, Old Québec has a European-style charm that is all of its own.,French is the language in Québec, a province located in east-central Canada, and it is spoken with an accent and vocabulary that is distinctly Québécoise. Even if you don’t speak French, though, Québec is a must-see destination.,If you are looking to have some deeper conversations with Quebec locals, then learn some French before you go with Babbel. Enjoy learning a language with fun interactive lessons from the basics to any level you’d like to reach. Check out options here.,This is Canada, after all, and the locals are warm and welcoming to non-French speaking visitors. Many are bilingual, switching easily between French and English, sometimes even in the same sentence.,Travel in Québec often includes a stop in Québec City, the capital of the province.  It is one of the most popular destinations in the region and draws visitors from around the world.,Here are our picks for the top 10 things to do in Québec City.,One of the most popular summer attractions in Québec City is the changing of the guard at La Citadelle de Québec. The Citadel is home to the Royal 22 Regiment, the largest British military fortification in North America.,During the summer, visitors can watch the 35-minute ceremony that is held at 10 am daily on the parade ground. Click here for a schedule of admission fees. ,The most popular participant is the regimental mascot, Batisse the goat.,Find a hotel or Airbnb in Québec City here:,The area’s natural beauty can be seen at Montmorency Falls Park. The waterfall is nearly 83 m high, which is 30 m higher than Niagara Falls. To get the best view, take the gondola up the mountain and walk across the suspended bridge.,From there, you can walk down a seamlessly endless collection of stairways. Don’t worry though. The walk down doesn’t take too long, and you’ll be able to feel the spray of the falls at the bottom.,In the winter, the spray freezes at the base of the waterfall, forming a “sugar loaf” that becomes a popular attraction.,The Musee de la Civilisation (Museum of Civilization) may have a fairly bland name, but it is certainly not boring. Using the latest media and technology, the museum tells its stories in interactive and fun ways.,In Paris on Stage, 1889-1914, visitors are given headsets that play an entertaining soundtrack automatically as they move from room to room. This provides a “you-are-there” experience that adds to the story.,Video game lovers of all ages grin giddily when they visit Game Story, an interactive exhibit dedicated to the story of video games. The exhibit details major developments in gaming. The best part is that visitors get to play video games from each era. Atari, Sega, Xbox…they’re all there to play and learn about.,Dining in Québec City is often a trip highlight. Many restaurants and cafes line the cobble streets of Old Québec, so you won’t have to go far to eat.,Dining establishments run the gamut from sophisticated upscale restaurants to laid-back affordable dining.,There’s an emphasis on locally-sourced dishes, and many locales also offer “prix fixe” menus, which provide an appetizer, main dish, and dessert for one set price.,Local favorites include Savini Resto-Bar, a hip establishment with a fantastic patio location on Grand Allee, the ever-popular (and busy!) Café du Monde and Les Voûtes du Cavour, a restaurant located in an 18th century home at Place Royale.,//z-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/onejs?MarketPlace=US&adInstanceId=cf40de84-1f8e-4d88-981b-312d0ce882a6,Each January and February, Québec City puts out the welcome mat and throws a winter party like none other. The Québec Winter Carnival is one of the largest winter carnivals in the world.,This family-friendly festival is filled with activities, including parades, concerts, dog sledding, sleigh rides, races, and more.,It is home to the unique Ice Hotel and Village Vacances Valcartier, a water theme park that becomes a winter playground with 35 slides and skating paths. ,Take in the city skyline from the river.,A ferryboat shuttles passengers across the St. Lawrence River between Québec and Levis, leaving from Old Québec every half hour.,This short trip will provide some great photos of Québec City. The best views are at night.,To experience the traditional Québec countryside, drive just a few miles outside of Québec City to Île d’Orléans, an island located in the middle of the St. Lawrence River.,With its fertile soil and ideal climate, the island has been the center of the region’s agricultural efforts for hundreds of years. Vineyards, groves, and farms dot the landscape, along with picturesque cottages, farmhouses, and homes.,Travelers can visit local farms and vineyards to sample the island’s famous strawberries, wines, and more.,Don’t miss Cassis Monna & Filles, a black currant farm and wine cellar run by sisters Catherine and Anne Monna. The Monna family produces jellies, liqueurs, wine, and more from black currents grown in their fields.,For lunch or dinner on the island, stop at Le Moulin de St-Laurent, a family-run restaurant located in an old flour mill dating back to 1720. The Premont Family serves locally-produced and seasonal dishes such as Quebec Stew or Relais Tourtiere that alone are worth the trip.,The world-famous Cirque du Soleil has its origins in Québec, and the group puts on shows around the world.,Visitors to Québec City, though, can get a taste of the Cirque du Soleil spirit at a free outdoor show called Les Chemins Invisibles. The show runs nightly from the middle of June to September 1st at Agora, Old Port of Québec. (The show is canceled in extreme weather.),Standing room entrance is free; reserved seating is $20.,Though shorter than full Cirque du Soleil® productions, Les Chemins Invisibles offers mind-blowing acts and true entertainment that will keep you on the edge of your seat.,Each August, Québec City returns to its roots with the entertaining New France Festival.,During the 5-day festival, locals and visitors alike don their best 17th- and 18th-century clothing to take part in numerous parades, activities, and events celebrating the region’s colonial French history.,With thousands of festival-goers dressed in period wear or simply watching the events, it makes for a festive atmosphere. Concerts, food booths, artisans, and period re-enactors keep everyone entertained. The result is an unforgettable way to experience Québec City.,The upcoming New France Festival will be held August 5 thru 8, 2021.,If you don’t happen to have an 18-century costume in your closet, the festival organizers offer tips to make your own or you can rent your outfit at the festival.,No matter what time of year you go, chances are, you’ll be drawn to Old Québec.,This historical district is the heart of the city. A UNESCO World Heritage Treasure, Old Québec retains the feel of times gone by. Well-preserved 17th and 18th-century buildings line the cobblestone streets, providing an authentic feel of yesteryear. Many come to shop among the hundreds of shops and galleries in Old Québec, while others simply people watch.,Street entertainers, singers, and artists, particularly at Old Québec’s own open-air art gallery, Rue du Trésor, make the stroll through town entertaining.,One of the most popular walks is along the Dufferin Terrace overlooking the St. Lawrence River alongside the impressive Château Frontenac, which is among the most photographed hotels in the world.,Old Québec is very walkable and just minutes from the St. Lawrence River (if you’re coming in by cruise ship).,For more travel information, festival details and opening details during COVID – Quebec Region Tourism Office,We recommend staying near Old Québec, allowing you to walk to many major attractions.,Hôtel Château Laurier Québec is a family-owned hotel offering comfortable accommodations in an excellent location just a few minutes’ walk from all the action in Old Québec. The hotel has an excellent onsite restaurant and a full breakfast buffet.  ,There are plenty of other unique hotels to stay at in Old Québec. Find options for everything you’re looking for in a hotel in the city here.,The Bordeaux wine region is famous throughout the world. Here are 7 facts you didn’t know about Bordeaux.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Bordeaux is the most famous and well-known wine region in France. It’s located in southwestern France, on the Atlantic coast. Bordeaux wines are known for their complexity, elegance, and class. It’s a large region which is linked to other regions by rivers.,Here are some facts that you may not know about this beautiful French wine region.,The vines are said to have been planted just after the French Revolution.,This is the soil content of the region. And it is great for growing grapes.,You’ll see more than just vineyards in Bordeaux. There are also lots of historic buildings and sites.,This means that in order to be labeled as a “Bordeaux” wine, it must come from this specific area of France.,Producing well upwards of 500,000 bottles annually Bordeaux is the largest producer of high-end wines.,Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon make up the majority of plantings.,But you knew this already. Varieties are also frequently blended to create more complex flavors.,Grapevines take a while to get established. Once they are established, they can produce fruit for years.,Read our articles about other destinations here:,Author Bio: Sandy Page is a life-long adventurer. In her free time, she reads and consumes copious amounts of hot beverages.,Nice blog … Really !!,Travel often causes us to reflect. Read one author’s reflections after spending a year abroad.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Whether you’re looking to study abroad for a year or just take a gap year, living and studying in a new country can be exhilarating and full of challenges.,After one year abroad myself, I learned that there are many ways to experience the culture, languages, and people of another country. Here are some things I learned during my first year living internationally.,Multiple stories can describe the same phenomenon. One story can have wildly different interpretations.,It’s easy to come up with a general story in your head about how things work or what someone’s life might be like, but when you actually meet them, their lives could be very different from what you initially imagined.,One of the most important things I learned from my first year abroad is that large goals are accomplished collectively. Living abroad, it’s easy to feel isolated and homesick.,But I quickly realized that life abroad is filled with opportunities and experiences that can’t be found anywhere else.,To take advantage of these opportunities, we have to work as a team—not just as an individual.,Call me a minimalist apologist but life was very simple with a small wardrobe, living only out of my suitcases. I brought this back home with me. Having fewer items has opened up avenues to invest in other parts of my life.,Traveling can feel lonely. You are many times different from the people around you. You often need to ask for help and being in a new environment can be overall challenging.,Because life abroad can be challenging (at least at first) you may start to pay close attention to facets of people that you might not notice in your previous country. I made many friends from many different backgrounds.,When I studied abroad I lived in a region known for its conflict. I was able to make friends from many different facets of society, coming from many sides of the conflict.,No matter how much we think we know about a country, there are always borders and cultural differences to be learned. The region in which I studied was complex, but what was very clear is that no matter how conflict ensued, people wanted to have the same things.,They wanted to make sure their family was safe, they wanted to move about freely, they wanted to be heard. They wanted to see their grandchildren happy and safe.,Likewise, our flaws are also quite similar. We all deal with greed and selfishness. No one is immune to such things.,Learning another language reprograms your brain. We have different processing capabilities in other languages. For example, sometimes there are words present in languages that are not present in others.,There can also be a world of difference in language structure. Your new language may have different pronouns available for example. A year abroad was a great opportunity to learn the language and really understand how people think.,Many of my conceptions of other countries and my own home country changed. I couldn’t have imagined how much nuance I missed about the world simply living at home. It is always best to stop and learn and get out of your box.,Make international friends, wherever you go! Discover InterNations, the community for global minds with over 4.2 million members worldwide. Enjoy events, join groups, and more!  ,Do you want to travel abroad? Find more inspiration in our articles below:,Author Bio: Sandy Page is a life-long adventurer. In her free time, she reads and consumes copious amounts of hot beverages.,Dinner and theatre go together like fish and chips — and in London, the combination makes for a great night out.,London is home to some of the finest theatrical productions in the world, and going to see a play in the West End, the theatre district, is truly an event. But that event can be made even more special when it’s paired with a like-minded dining experience.They say that dinner and the theatre go together like fish and chips, steak and ale, or tea and crumpets. And in London, you’ve got the crown jewels of both plays and restaurants to choose from. The hardest part will be deciding which to pick! Thinking in terms of theme for the evening may help.,For example, if you’re off to see Mousetrap (St Martin’s Theatre, West Street, 020 7836 1443), the classic Agatha Christie murder mystery that’s been playing nonstop in London for half a century, how about an equally classic supper beforehand? Try The Ivy (1-5 West Street; 020 7836 4751), conveniently situated right across the street from the theatre, where you might start off with a delicious watercress soup flavored with peppered salmon and horseradish and a nice bottle of wine. Then move on to something elegant like wild halibut with béarnaise sauce and buttered green beans with shallots, finishing up in the traditional way with a classic British cheeseboard.,Or, if you’re more into traditional British fare with a casual bent, check out The Cambridge (93 Charing Cross Road; 020 7494 0338), where you can get fish and chips, steak and ale pie, sausage and mash, or a hale and hardy Aberdeen Angus burger — all of which go great with a pint of Guinness ale.,The kids will love Mary Poppins (Prince Edward Theatre, 28 Old Compton Street, 020 7447 5459), that is, unless their tummies are rumbling. Fill them up beforehand at Ed’s Easy Diner (12 Moor Street; 020 7439 1955) on burgers, fries and thick malt shakes. The very daring might want to try the Atomic American fries (fries served with chili, salsa, nacho cheese, sour cream and guacamole dips), while those who like lighter meals might go for Ed’s big chicken salad. If you’re looking for classic British sweets after the show, try the Bramley apple pie with vanilla ice cream or sticky toffee pudding with dates and vanilla ice cream at The Spice of Life (37-39 Romilly Street; 020 7419 4696 or 7).,For a more adult night on the town, check out The Rat Pack (Savoy Theatre, The Strand, Aldwych; 020 7836 8888), celebrating the singing talents of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Sammy Davis Jr. Then, after the show do something fun and hip like going to the Pizza Express Jazz Club (10 Dean Street; 020 7439 8722) where you can enjoy gourmet pizza, great wine, and a terrific assortment of jazz artists downstairs. Start with the spicy mozzarella and double tomato salad, followed by Gambero classic pizza, a fun mix of crayfish tails, red pepper, red onions, fresh parsley and spicy Tabasco sauce. Or, partake of the Parmesan pizza, which is topped with asparagus, Parmesan cheese and a free range egg.,Another strictly adult choice is The Vagina Monologues (Wyndhams Theatre, Charing Cross Road; 0870 060 6633), a cornucopia of funny, touching, disturbing and amusing stories about the female sex organ. This play simply begs for something sweet and sensual to top off the evening. How about a trip to the Balans Café (60 Old Compton Street; 020 7437 521260) for some passionfruit and raspberry cheesecake, or to Maison Touaregue (20 Old Compton Street; 020 7439 1063) for the Taste of Morocco pancakes flavored with lemon, honey, rosewater and almond? Or, consider The Mantra (48 Dean Street; 020 7439 6868), where you can order Galab Jambu — hot milk semolina balls with a light honeycomb center, soaked in a sweet syrup and served with vanilla ice cream.,The Victorian thriller, The Woman in White (Palace Theatre, Shaftesbury Avenue; 0870 895 5505), is a tale of a mysterious figure dressed in white who is desperate to share a chilling secret, and is set to music by Andrew Lloyd Webber. If you’re in the mood for an after-theatre dessert that’s equally mysterious and thrilling, head for the Tuk Tuk Thai Noodle Bar (59 Charing Cross Road; 020 7734 595159), for coconut pancakes, stuffed with shredded coconut and palm sugar and served with coconut ice cream. Or try the mango pudding with fresh cream, accompanied by a cup of fragrant, steaming jasmine tea.,One of the hottest tickets in the West End is Fame — The Musical (Aldwych Theatre, Aldwych, 020 7379 3367), the super high-energy singing and dancing tale of kids from New York’s legendary School of Performing Arts as they chase the elusive siren call of — what else? — fame! By the time you leave the theatre, you’re sure to be way too pumped up to just go home. Pop into the high-energy Sound Café Bar (Leicester Street and Swiss Court Leicester Street on Leicester Square, 020 7864 13000) and keep the good vibes rollin’. For starters, try the Jalapeño Poppers — hot chilis stuffed with cream cheese and served with a sweet coriander dipping sauce. Then try one of the famous Sound Pizzas made on a thin tortilla base. If the Jalapeño Poppers didn’t burn up all your taste buds, check out the Cajun chicken pizza, with Cajun-spiced chicken, mushrooms, roasted bell peppers and Monterey jack cheese on a salsa base. If spicy foods aren’t your thing, try smoked haddock and spring onion fish cakes served on wilted spinach with lemon and caper sauce. Plus fries, of course!,The king of all musicals is The Lion King(Lyceum Theatre, 21 Wellington Street; 020 7420 8112), an epic adventure that deserves to be paired with an equally adventurous meal. How about delving into some authentic Malaysian, Thai and Singapore cuisine before the show, as served up by C & R Restaurant (3-4 Rupert Court; 020 7434 1128)? Try Pinang Asam Laksa soup, spicy and sour rice noodles served in the chef’s special lemongrass broth with sardine fish flakes and cucumber.,Then move on to Sambal Udang, prawns cooked with homemade sambal chili sauce (hot, but delicious). For dessert, try the chef’s specialty: Boo Boo Cha Cha, a mix of yam and sweet potato cooked in coconut milk, served with shaved ice. The super adventurous might also try the seaweed Soya drink, while the rest of us might opt for good old green tea.,Billy Elliot (Victoria Palace Theatre, 8 Victoria Street; 020 7834 1317) combines the blue-collar life with the high-minded artistry of the traditional dance world. Food-wise, you can find this same combination of working-class traditional food with an elegant twist at The Imperial (5 Leicester Street; 020 7437 6573). Try the baked Camembert cheese with bread for starters. Next, sample the spicy bean Shepherd’s pie or try Coriander Chicken in curry sauce with saffron rice. Doughballs with garlic butter make a tasty but filling side dish, and thenaan bread, a flat leavened Indian white flour bread, is sensational.,What could be more elegant than The Phantom of the Opera (Her Majesty’s Theatre, Haymarket; 0870 895 5505), the tragic gothic tale of a disfigured composer living beneath the Paris opera house who is hopelessly in love with a beautiful opera singer? Celebrate love, opera and all things beautiful with an elegant dinner at Manzi’s (1-2 Leicester Street; 020 7734 0224) after the show. In the 1800s, this beautiful building was the Hotel du Commerce and Austrian composer Johann Strauss once lodged here. Perhaps you’ll hear the distant strains of one of his famous waltzes as you sample Manzi’s grilled monkfish “Americaine” served with lobster and cognac sauce, sorrel, wild mushrooms and cherry tomatoes over basmati and wild rice. Accompany this with fresh asparagus and Hollandaise sauce and a nice bottle of Pinot Grigio and you’re set for a lovely and lofty dining experience. To make it even more perfect, top off your meal with a pear and almond tart with pistachio ice cream.,But no matter which play or restaurant you choose, one thing is certain — you’re in for a real treat. Get ready for a wonderful night in London town!,If You Go,British Tourist Authority,www.visitbritain.org,London Theatre Direct,https://londontheatredirect.com,Curtain Up London
www.curtainup.com/londontheaters.html, ,Explore this string of Florida islands from Fort Lauderdale to Key West, which comes to life with the lore of Truman, Hemingway, Frost and Williams.,You know you’re in the Florida Keys when you drive from Fort Lauderdale to Key West and see signs that say boats, boat rentals, boat lifts, boat works, boat trailers, boat storage. Yes, this is the place to have a boat. ,Stretching 120 miles along the southern tip of Florida, the Florida Keys are a string of islands known for fishing, boating, snorkeling and more. With an average temperature of 77 degrees, it is a sportsman’s paradise. ,That sunshine-swathing drive features lofty palms that bend as their emerald fronds sweep the air clean in the tropical breeze. Magenta bougainvillea twines around archways and adorns trellises, and the water is as turquoise as the water in Crater Lake is sapphire. Florida’s aqua water is crystal-clear, whether in shades of grey, green, white or almost black.,My boyfriend and I are not disappointed to be surrounded by the lavish yellow blooms of the trumpet tree or the aromatic gardenias, but we have a goal in traveling to the Florida Keys for 10 days in February.,We want to discover the best key lime pie known to man – and the Florida Keys are the place to do that. What almost diverts our quest is the discovery of abundant wildlife in startling shapes and sizes.,Curly-tailed skinks (tiny lizards) glide along pathways, behemoth iguanas fracture concrete, tarpons (some as large as 100 pounds) jump for fish dangled from people’s hands, and manatees the length of kayaks (though lacking a kayak’s sleek lines) surface close at hand.,We expedite our pie-sampling mission with pleasure while reassessing our goal. Key lime pie is a little bit of heaven, though. Key limes – tart and sweet – are the primary ingredient. Mix them with eggs and sweetened condensed milk, plunk all this into a crisp, buttery graham cracker crust and top it off with dense whipped cream. Scrumptious! ,We’ll see if we can rip ourselves away from pie-sampling to give the wildlife the attention it deserves. That does not include the famous clothing-optional Bull & Whistle rooftop bar in Key West, wild as it is. ,We reach Key Largo in time for breakfast at Harriette’s, a funky diner. The hefty key lime muffins with their robust lime hit are a great primer for the pie competition.,Learn more about activities in Key Largo here.,Key West is the most popular island in the Florida Keys and the southernmost point in the United States. With 25,000 residents, it is also a museum haven. ,We visit the Shipwreck, Sails to Rails, Custom House and Mel Fisher Maritime museums. President Truman comes to life when we wander through his white, clapboard summer house. Five-toed cats engulf us at Hemingway’s Italianate home. ,Years ago, Hemingway’s favorite bar, Sloppy Joe’s, moved to a new location, and, in protest, Hemingway absconded with a urinal. It now sits in his yard, decorated with tiles, and is a watering trough for the descendants of his cats. ,Then it’s off to the sleepy tiny island of Islamorada, where the Shrimp Shack’s po’ sandwiches burst with shrimp and the hush puppies that accompany them verify that we are in the South. ,After lunch, we head to Bud and Mary’s Marina where the water cooler dispenses iced tea. We are in the South. Cottony-white egrets and grey pelicans with hefty yellow, webbed feet stroll the dock at Bud and Mary’s in search of entrails from yellowtail snapper that fishermen clean there. The birds don’t mind at all if they bump against our legs while foraging. ,Learn more about activities in Islamorada here.,The silvery tarpon that cluster near the dock at Robbie’s Marina in Islamorada can jump four feet. Their eel-like toothless mouths suck up the fish that people dangle from the dock. I have a hard time diverting my attention from those colossal creatures, but we are due at nearby Postcard Marina. ,The fishing guide there provides rods, bait and advice at the free program called “Fish Like a Local.” We fish, though a local might find our efforts amusing. I am intrigued by the gargantuan manatees that frolic at Postcard Marina’s dock near the Tiki Hut Bar. ,Before leaving Islamorada, we do some excellent comparison shopping for key lime pie at the restaurants including Lazy Days, Ziggy & Mad Dog’s and Ciao Hound, where the lobster ravioli almost rivals (but doesn’t quite) the pie. ,Then we walk through the verdant trails at Green Turtle Hammock and Lime Tree nature preserves before traversing the 42 bridges that lead to Key West. Along the drive, bike trails, beach walks and citrus groves, with boxes at the ready for picking, dot the terrain.  ,Back in Key West, we take an open-air trolley ride that gives us an overview of Key West, primarily down Duval Street, the main drag that boasts 122 bars. The saying goes that Key West isn’t a fishing town with a drinking problem, but a drinking town with a fishing problem. ,One of the residents besides Hemingway who appreciated that saying was Tennessee Williams, who wrote “A Streetcar Named Desire” at the La Concha Hotel. Robert Frost spent 16 years in a cottage here, and Shel Silverstein created his children’s books in Key West. Another children’s author, Judy Blume, has a bookstore, and Jimmy Buffett has a recording studio.,We immerse ourselves in the amiable atmosphere of Key West’s Curry Mansion, where the owners serve breakfast, happy hour with live musicians and, best of all, conviviality. Amsterdam’s Curry Mansion Inn was built in 1869 and assures its guests that, “our house is your house.” They mean it. It is located adjacent to Duval Street, the main drag, which bustles with activity. It’s a 3-minute walk to the Harry S. Truman Little White House. ,Then we forge ahead with our pie comparison shopping at the Fish Market, Margaritaville, Goldman’s Deli and The Dirty Pig restaurants. We crown Kermit’s, the store that serves everything key lime, the winner of our contest, so now we can try to pry ourselves away from pie and move onto our fascination with wildlife. ,After we visit the Key West Aquarium and the Key West Butterfly and Nature Conservatory, we find a man walking his green turtle. Nobody lifts an eyebrow. ,Roosters are underfoot as we enjoy outside dining at Garbo’s Grill. Since they roam the island, they’re prowling under our chairs again at BO’s Fish Wagon. Large iguanas scurry around the grounds at their adopted home, the graveyard. ,Called “guana gaitors” because of their size, they plow under gravestones, breaking up the concrete. People can shoot this invasive species, as opposed to the protected roosters.,There seems to be a festival every month, and the celebration of the Conch Republic in April is the big one. Also, residents stroll down the streets in full-body paint for Halloween parades, Fantasy Fest in October and toga parties.,Key West is a town of music and meandering, and I am grateful that I also experienced it as a town of dazzling flora and bountiful fauna — and, of course, the best key lime pie known to man.,You can fly into either Miami International Airport (MIA) or Fort Lauderdale (FLL). If you choose the latter, it will take about 30 minutes longer to drive to Key West, but you might be able to save on flights.,There is 165 mi. between Miami and Key West, and it takes 3 hours and 20 minutes. But then you’d miss this great road trip. I suggest a leisurely drive through the Florida Keys ending with a few nights in Key West.,Amsterdam’s Curry Mansion Inn
511 Caroline St., Key West, FL 33040  
(305) 294-5349,Book a room at Amsterdam’s Curry Mansion Inn here.,Author Bio: Marcia McGreevy Lewis is a retired feature writer for a major Washington state newspaper and was the director of communications at an independent school where she founded the school’s magazine. Her book, “Backing Forward,” from which this article is adapted, is in search of an agent.,Great picture choices to make this story come more alive than it already is.,This is the route I would choose to take after reading the article. This writer does a good job.,A London winter story of meeting new friends in unlikely places.,I had a mission: photograph tourists visiting the ancient Tower of London. My client hired me to create lasting images of Tower attractions and its visitors and as a bonus I was able bring my wife Colleen over to London as a little New Year’s present. It was a win-win situation, except for the bloody cold.,The day, December 31st – the last of the year, dawned frosty but bright, a good sign. We got ready, loaded up a big black London cab with my camera gear and headed for the austere Tower. The famous old fortress, originally constructed in 1078 by William the Conqueror has seen it all including notable prisoners like Thomas Moore and Rudolph Hess, the beheading site of Lady Jane Grey and Ann Boleyn, and the site of an aborted robbery of the Crown Jewels perpetuated by Colonel Thomas Blood. However, for the last two hundred years or so, the Tower of London has quietly morphed into a fascinating, historic cash cow. People come from all over the world to see The Crown Jewels, the White Tower, the Bloody Tower, the Museum of Torture and of course, those Yeoman Warders.,I arrived early that frigid Friday morning, before the crowds with pre-arranged credentials and a good plan for accomplishing my photographic goals. Only the ravens and Yeoman Warders arrived before us. I wandered about, checking meter readings and scouting angles, when the sun finally popped out over the top of the Traitor’s Gate. The amber morning rays lit up the Tower Green and illuminated the White Tower’s cupolas with silent beauty. I waited for visitors to arrive and was not disappointed. Soon, a trickle, then as usual, a cascade of tourists entered the Tower of London, eager to discover all the delightful historic pain and misery England has to offer.,While Colleen was off viewing Queen Mary’s Crown and other baubles inside the Jewel House, I began shooting the buildings, grounds, stonework and happy tourists. I photographed the visitors, as they in turn shot pictures of the buildings, the burly Beefeaters and ubiquitous ravens. Tourists occasionally glanced over at me curiously, as I smiled at them and clicked away. Then, a large man in a bright blue cape with red piping and an E II R on his chest walked over to me. He sternly inquired as to what I was doing. He half-believed my story but I continued in full confidence, showing him my business card and offering further details. Yeoman Warder Ken Bryant finally cracked a ruddy smile. We chatted, and I walked him into a sunny area where another Beefeater joined in the conversation. Then, (as I had hoped) tourists cautiously walked over. A friendly German family asked to be photographed with the Beefeaters, as countless hundreds (perhaps thousands) of visitors do every day. Yeoman Ken puffed up his considerable chest and posed. I clicked away and shot the German group and many other tourists too.,Everything was moving right along when Yeoman Ken privately asked me if I’d like to join him for tea. Without hesitation I said, “Yes, sounds great, thank you.” It was about twenty degrees (F) in the courtyard and some hot tea seemed like a fine idea. Besides, he was the only Beefeater who had ever invited me to anything. I asked if my wife could join us. He glanced around conspiratorially and said in a low voice, “Meet me here in ten minutes.” Colleen soon returned and perked up at the idea of hot tea with a friendly Beefeater, but was disappointed when I told her, “No, a gin and tonic isn’t involved.,Exactly ten minutes later, Yeoman Ken Bryant took us on a short brisk walk. He brought us through rusty gates, and we followed him down, then up then back down ancient stairwells. I imagined we were on our way to an army barracks or mess hall, or even a dungeon – but no, he was taking us…to his house! To have tea with the wife! On this walk I learned that over 180 people actually live inside the Tower of London, in little cottages called The Casemates, attached to the forward wall. Generation of Yeoman Warders and their families have lived in these cottages for over 900 years. Soon, Ken’s wife Mary greeted us at the door, with a smile and friendly hand, like we had known each other for years. She invited us in, and laid out a fresh fruit cake and tea. Ken took off his heavy royal refinements revealing grey overalls, and other “normal” clothes beneath. He had precisely a 30 minute break, so he went to work without delay on his bacon sandwich. He said, between bites, that his superiors would “shoot me if I’m late returning.”,Their cozy home was very warm and reminded me of similar little apartments I’d visited in London years ago. It couldn’t have been more than 600 square feet. A tiny but well-ornamented Christmas tree stood in the corner and Christmas Cards covered the walls and mantel. We learned that Ken had been a British army officer for most of his adult life, (a requirement for Warders) and had been a Yeoman Warder for the past twenty years. Mary told us of their vacation a few years back, in California, and how they hope to return someday.,The hot English tea hit the spot and the cakes tasted stickily sweet with a bit ‘o rum left on the tongue. This respite, full of conversation with these two fine people, in their home, strangers to us until only an hour before, was extraordinary. Colleen and I looked at each and grinned with amazement. After a few minutes, Ken put on his heavy woolen garments, said goodbye and departed. Shortly after that, we thanked Mary for her kindness and left too, walking back, this time up the darkened stairwells. We laughed about this incredible, unexpected encounter.,I still had work to accomplish and over the next few hours photographed many other Yeoman Warders engaging visitors with their vibrant storytelling, but never saw my new friend, Yeoman Warder Ken Bryant again. Perhaps he had melted away, into the stone walls of the past, and he and his wife were never real, friendly phantoms in an alternate world. I kept asking myself, “Did that really happen?”,Yeoman Warder Ken remains in my memories, a large, gruff and jolly sort who took me into his home for no other reason than to share tea with strangers. I learned about human kindness that chilly December morning, more than cold stone fortresses, kings and ancient British history could ever teach.,Author Info: Bob Ecker is a Napa, California based travel writer/photographer., ,The past lives on at Palanque, one of Latin America’s most impressive Mayan ruins.,The Palenque ruins are some of the most celebrated and spectacular of all Mayan archaeological sites. The ancient city rises from artificial terraces on a fertile plateau and is surrounded by luxuriant green foliage, rivulets and small waterfalls.,Part of a reserve called Parque Nacional Palenque, the remnants of this once-famous royal residence, are located in the foothills of fern-covered northern mountains in the Mexican state of Chiapas. Monumental temples stand silently in a choking rainforest, sticking out of luscious jungle high above the flood plains of the Usumacinta River. Palenque’s monumental roof-combed structures of white rock, semi-hidden by the emerald rainforest, have earned it the well-deserved title “Jewel of Maya Cities.”,The ruins cover 25 square miles (65 km²), but only 15 percent to 34 percent of the city’s 500 major structures have been excavated. The Spaniards called the town Palenque, which translates into palisade or fortification, when they saw the trees growing out of the ruins like tall stakes.,The Maya called it Otolum meaning “Land with Strong Houses.” Another ancient name for the city wasLakam Ha — “Big Water” or “Wide Water” — for the many springs and cascades that are found within the site. These great Central American builders erected it as a ceremonial center for high priests during the Maya Classic Period (around 300 to 900 A.D.). Reaching its peak between 600 and 700 A.D., it was deserted in the ninth century for reasons as yet unknown.,Palenque’s architects created their own distinctive style, famous for its lightness, using roof combs, sculptured wall panels and corbelled vaults to great effect. Their dramatically located stone temples, some seven stories high, are exceptionally well preserved. These ceremonial structures with their inscriptions, stone sculptures and numerous other unique architectural features are considered to be the most exquisite achievements of the Mayas.,The temples feature a series of decorative motifs found nowhere else. Unlikely as it may seem, some of these appear to be almost Chinese with Phoenician, Canaanite and Moorish influences. In the Palace, one of the most interesting structures, there are even remains resembling a Moorish arch.,Hernán Cortés, the 16th-century Spanish conquistador, passed within 30 miles (48 km) of the site, but did not realize its existence. In later centuries, other Spaniards discovered the ruins. Yet it was only in 1831, due to the writings of eccentric Frenchman Count de Waldeck, who reportedly studied the ruins and lived on top of the temple still carrying his name (Temple of the Count), that the world came to know Palenque.,Among the most important buildings excavated is the Temple of Inscriptions, which is perhaps the most famous of the structures. The Temple of the Sun features the best-preserved roof combs. The Palace impresses with over 176 items of stone carvings. The Temple of the Jaguar sports magnificent bas-reliefs and motifs similar to Oriental art. And Temple XIV contains stucco reliefs associated with the death of King Pakal (603 to 683).,Entering the ruins, the first structure I encountered was the Temple of the Inscriptions, which contains a nine-tiered pyramid 75 feet (23 m) high and a royal mausoleum. It was the only pyramid in Mexico built specifically as a tomb. Well-preserved and restored, the temple was named after a series of stone panels covered with 620 hieroglyphic inscriptions, which were found inside the top story walls.,They contained Palenque’s history and the family tree of King Pakal whose crypt was unearthed in 1952 by archeologist Alberto Ruíz Thuller. The tomb, with Pakal wrapped in jaguar skins, was the first ever discovered inside a Maya pyramid and had lain untouched for a millennium.,Palenque’s rise from a small ceremonial center to a renowned Maya city owes much to the most celebrated of its rulers, Pakal and his successors, Bahlum and Kuk. Called the Mesoamerica Charlemagne, Pakal, after ascending the throne at the age of 15, reigned for some 67 years. His burial vault, covered by a monolithic sepulchral slab, 10 feet (3.5 m) long and 7 feet (2.5 m) wide, was found below the temple floor. A plaster pipe ran along the stairway to the tomb and was meant for air for the four men and a woman who were to accompany him on his journey through the underworld and whose remains were found at the entrance to the crypt. Illogical to the modern mind: Why would air be needed for the dead?,One of the most famous of the Maya kings, Pakal’s burial vault yielded many fine objects. From among the jewels and other exquisite objects found in the tomb were the famous diadem and majestic jade and obsidian masks, now in Mexico City’s Museum of Anthropology.,Most visitors to Palenque descend the 80-foot (24.5 m) flight of stairs inside the Temple of Inscriptions leading down to the mausoleum. The steep stairway is lighted but damp and somewhat slippery. One gets an uncomfortable and eerie feeling, moving downward, thinking that perhaps King Pakal was not in the mood to welcome visitors. However, all is forgotten when a visitor sees the massive sarcophagus, deep in the heart of the pyramid, decorated with a beautiful bas-relief sculpture portraying the death and rebirth of Pakal.,Above ground, you can ascend the broad, but extremely steep, 67-step stairway to the top of the pyramid, where there is an excellent view of the ruins. After examining the inscription panels, I stood surveying the scene. Laid out below was the sweeping panorama of an endless stretch of forest and savannah and, to the back, tree-covered hills, forever lush green due to the annual 200 inches (500 cm) of rain.,I was enchanted with temples intermingled with grassy mounds, tall palm groves and flowing waters — all illuminated by the morning sunlight in an iridescent glow. From this vantage point, the view was breathtaking.,The next stop was the Palace — once the home of Palenque’s Maya kings. The largest architectural work in Palenque, the structure consists of a complex of rooms, patios, squares and false arches, decorated with superb friezes. Overshadowing these architectural gems is a four-story tower, which is believed to have been an observatory. The Palace contains paintings and stone carvings, including one of Pakal and his mother, as well as stucco sculptures — the finest examples of aboriginal art.,Its architecture and sculptures, unique in beauty and technical perfection among the Maya ruins, mark the architectural apogee of the Western Maya Empire to many historians. The remaining colors on the numerous murals; buildings with facilities for running water and what is considered to be man’s first sanitary system; and the impressive rows of stelae (carved stone slabs or pillars), make Palenque undoubtedly the most magical of Maya cities.,If You Go,Mexico Tourism Board,www.visitmexico.com,Tamales are a delicious staple in Mexican culture. Join the Mexican Ancestry Cooking School and learn how to make your own tasty tamales.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Marilau Ricaud greets my adult niece Kelly and me and invites us into her kitchen, just off a cobblestoned street in a sleepy neighborhood of San Miguel de Allende, Mexico.,We have signed up for a three-hour class with Marilau’s Mexican Ancestry Cooking School to learn how to make tamales. We’re also eager to know more about Mexican traditions and why these wrapped creations of wonder are such an important part of the culture, especially around the holidays.,For more than three decades, Marilau has taught people from around the globe how to create the traditional flavors of Mexico in San Miguel de Allende. One step inside her kitchen and I sense the love she has for her craft and her heritage.,Copper pots, strings of chiles, and ceramic bowls claim every inch of wall space, from counter surface to ceiling, and the essence of fresh produce saturates the air. A plaque near the stove reads, “Un dia sin chile es como un dia sin sol.” A day without chile is like a day without sun.,Familiar aromas and the tidy workspace take me back to the kitchen of my childhood home in a small western Kansas town. Here, my mom spent much of her day baking, frying, and canning. Even though there are differences between our two cultures, many things—family, cooking, home—are the same.,Marilau gestures to a pitcher and two ceramic brown cups and says to help ourselves to agua de jamaica (hibiscus tea) which tastes fruity with a kiss of cinnamon. She brushes away a strand of short salt-and-pepper hair with the back of her hand, gives a quick tug to straighten her apron, and in perfect English, announces, “Okay, let’s get started.” ,We jump right in and begin with the dough to make the tamales. Kelly and I take turns adding lard, (“always lard, never olive oil”) salt, baking powder, corn flour and chicken broth into a Kitchen Aid mixer as Marilau lends a watchful eye.,“Tamales are basic to Mexican life,” she says, as we manage the mixing. “People eat them for breakfast, lunch or dinner, every day.”,She explains that in her culture, people eat tamales the most during Fiestas Padres in September, a celebration of Mexican independence, and the ten days before Christmas. Many families make tamales together as part of an annual tradition before the holiday season.,When it’s time to squeeze the water from the husks, which have been soaking in cold water, Marilau demonstrates and says, “It’s like doing laundry. You have to wring out the water.”,Soup is also on the menu today (prior to class, students select what they want to make) although Kelly and I both agree it’s all about the tamales.,As we slice the ends from the zucchini, Marilau says, “Soup is easy. But be careful. The knives are sharp.”,Kelly frantically takes notes to capture Marilau’s every word. Truth be told, Kelly is the cook in the family. When we gather for dinner, my assignments are to bring the wine, set the table, and manage cleanup.,Occasionally, I get to mash potatoes. Still, I love being in the kitchen with my sister, niece, and great-niece, amidst the lovely ruckus that comes with preparing Christmas dinner.,And today, I want to absorb a fraction of Marilau’s skill and every morsel of her stories.,This remarkable woman and entrepreneur has taught thousands of people since 1989, including chefs, people in the business of cooking, groups and families.,Most of her students are from the U.S. or Canada, but she has also instructed people from Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand. She has even traveled to Dallas to teach a more extensive class.,“I want to communicate to the rest of the world that our culture and cuisine are ancient and unique,” she says. “I want people to be able to get the flavor of Mexico in their own home. And to come away with a new appreciation of our culture.”,Next, it’s time to make two types of sauce: red and green. Marilau talks about various kinds of chiles: serrano, poblano, jalapeño, habanero, and points to them on a chart.,“You have to respect the flavor of the chile,” she says. “Never make a sauce with two types of fresh chiles. For example, don’t mix poblano and jalapeño.”,For the green sauce, we chop and slice cilantro, tomatillos, serrano chiles, and onion, which we drop straight into the blender, then pour the mixture into a pan on the stove. We repeat the process for red sauce, using tomatoes in place of tomatillos.,“Okay, now here comes the important part,” Marilau instructs.,Marilau shows us how to wrap ingredients in the husk, using about a third of a cup of dough, followed by a small portion of chicken, which she cooked before we arrived, and sauce.,“Mexican culture is based on corn,” she says. “It’s not about the protein. You need to add a lot of dough and a small amount of chicken. People may not always have chicken but there is always corn.”,Stuffing and swaddling these little beauties is not as easy as it sounds and requires another demonstration. Our patient teacher shows us again. “You must be gentle,” she says, holding the tamale tenderly. Kelly gets the nod of approval, then looks at me and says, “Okay, Auntie. Your turn.”,Between us, we wrap some two dozen tamales, which will steam for 45 minutes. More time is okay, but not less, Marilau advises. She suggests we take a break while the tamales steam.,Kelly asks about the tools of the trade on the walls.,“Oh, if these walls could talk,” Marilau answers with a chuckle. “And if the pots and pans could talk, we would really hear some stories!”  ,A couple of the pots are blackened on the bottom, she explains because her mother or grandmother cooked with them on an open fire. Her ancestors have also passed down cherished recipes, a love for Mexican cooking, and respect for the culture.,Marilau doesn’t publish a cookbook because she says it’s not about the recipes, but the technique. She shares a story that a couple of students had tears running down their cheeks when they had tasted what they made. ,“They are people from this country who have moved away,” Marilau adds, “but, they miss the flavor of food made by their grandmother, who has passed away, or an aunt who used to cook for them.” ,We could listen to her stories all day, but three hours have nearly evaporated and it’s time to taste the fruits of our labor (well…the fruits of Kelly and Marilau’s efforts, but I did stir the soup).,Sitting around the long wooden table and sharing a meal becomes my favorite part of the class, not because of the expectedly flavorful fare, but because of the chance to learn more about one another.,I ask what will be on the table—in addition to tamales—for her family’s Christmas dinner.,“Turkey. But it’s made the Mexican way,” Marilau says, laughing. “With chiles!”,Due to COVID-19 guidelines, Marilau holds classes only for family members or friends who know each other. To return to the U.S., travelers must provide a negative COVID test when leaving Mexico.,Visit Mexican Ancestry Cooking School to connect with Marilau. The price for a three-hour class is approximately US$ 130; Marilau accepts payment in Mexican pesos only, the day of the class.,San Miguel de Allende ranked number one on the  2021 Travel + Leisure World’s Best Awards 2021 list of top cities overall. ,For more information, log onto VisitMexico.,Ready to plan a culinary adventure to Mexico? Start preparing with hotel and VRBO reservations, local restaurant reviews, insider tips on other fun sights to visit in San Miguel de Allende and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Find more unique activities, skip-the-line tickets and expert-led tours in San Miguel De Allende here. When you are ready to book, check out CheapOair for the ultimate flight promotions and car rental options.,Author Bio: Sherry Spitsnaugle is a Denver-based, award-winning travel writer, and a member of Society of American Travel Writers. This is her first assignment for GoWorldTravel. ,Though often missed by visitors, Le Marais has a colorful history and present-day attractions that make it a must-see when visiting Paris.,Strolling along the twisted streets of Marais, I passed aged buildings in a jumble of architectural styles. My first thought was that the setting would be a city planner’s nightmare.,Then my mind wandered to the rich history that has unfolded in this often-overlooked neighborhood in one of the most-visited cities in the world.,Le Marais is an often-overlooked historic district in Paris, France, which spreads across the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris.,Throughout Marais, crumbling mansions that cling to memories of past glory days are neighbors to trendy shops and galleries. Bustling restaurants abut small, offbeat museums.,A compact section of the enclave has been a Jewish quarter since the 13th century. Not far away is what many people consider to be the most beautiful square in the city, and perhaps in all of Europe.,This eclectic neighborhood in the heart of Paris has been called the Marais (“marsh”) since Roman times. The name described the swamp that was created by a fork of the Seine River.,The marsh was drained in the 12th century to provide more living space as Paris grew, but the name – like the oozing mud that once covered the area – stuck.,Despite its colorful history and present-day attractions, I was surprised to learn that much of what the Marais has to offer is overlooked by many visitors to Paris.,While some seek out the magnificent square named Place des Vosges, they often pass up the colorful side streets that surround it like a maze.,After being opened to habitation, the Marais evolved quietly until 1612, when King Henry IV took up residence overlooking the Places des Vosges.,His presence sparked a transformation of the neighborhood into a fashionable quarter which attracted aristocrats, people of wealth and intellectuals.,Then came the French Revolution. Many of the prestigious residents of the Marais district were imprisoned, or worse.,The area surrounding the Bastille, whose storming sparked the uprising that changed France forever, fell into a state of decline.,In recent years, this trend has been reversed. What had deteriorated into a backwater neighborhood once again became fashionable.,I noted example after example of how renovation has brought about upgrading without upheaval.,Most of the gracious 17th-century mansions, or “hotels” as they were called in the past, have been spared. Some have been converted into offices, shops and museums.,This preservation and transformation provides an opportunity to delve into the past while keeping one foot planted firmly in the present.,Like most visitors who find their way to the enclave, the focus of my sojourn into the Marais was the Place des Vosges.  ,It was laid out in keeping with the design imposed by Henry IV, who envisioned the neighborhood as a splendid urban quarter fit, in fact, for a king.,The setting is one of perfect symmetry. Identical mansions surround an elegant grass square. Blue slate roofs top rose-colored brick walls.,Restaurants and upscale art and antique shops fill the covered arcades that connect the buildings.,Now, however, instead of aristocracy, the vast lawn is a gathering place for the plain people of Paris. Splashing fountains add a playful note.,In the center of it all, a statue of Louis XIII grins out over the scene. Beneath his gaze and smile, children play, lovers hold hands and people of all ages promenade.,In keeping with its history and in ways a somewhat offbeat nature, the Marais is home to many enticing small museums.,While these little gems can’t compete in size with the major attractions of Paris, they offer delightful introductions to people and pages of history, often lost in the appeals of better-known collections.,The best-known name from the past holds forth at the Picasso Museum. It’s housed in the Hotel Sale (“salt”), a stylish 17th-century mansion that at one time was home to the ambassador from Venice.,While the exhibits include only a handful of Picasso’s better-known masterpieces, together they comprise the largest collection of his works in the world under one roof. ,Also of interest are miscellaneous memorabilia that provide intimate glimpses into the man behind the fame. I was especially taken by photographs of Picasso playing with his children.,The house at No. 6 Place des Vosges, where Victor Hugo lived and worked for 15 years in the mid-19th century, is smaller and more intimate.,The past came alive in the place where he wrote several chapters of Les Miserables and other books.,Among items on display are many of Hugo’s illustrations for his novels, a bust of him by Rodin and a stand-up desk at which the author created his literacy masterpieces.,Other museums scattered about the Marais District attract visitors who have a special interest.,Most important is the Carnavalet, an imposing 16th-century mansion that houses the Historical Museum of the City of Paris. Four centuries of the city’s past (15th-18th) are brought to life in paintings, models and furniture.,A diorama dated 1527 dramatically depicts the cramped, narrow streets of Paris in the Middle Ages.,Some exhibits depict themes from that time in a very personal way. For example, shop signs from the 18th century, when few people could read, identified a butcher shop by a rendering of a pig and indicated a baker’s workplace with a sheaf of wheat.,A telling exhibit about the causes and results of the French Revolution includes an itemized laundry bill for the royal family’s very extravagant clothing and a rope ladder that some prisoners used to escape from the Bastille.,A very different page of history is turned in the Jewish quarter of the Marais, which somewhat ironically is centered along the Rue des Rosiers (Street of Roses).,The complex of narrow, twisting streets has retained its distinctive flavor for centuries.,Kosher bakeries and butcher shops vied for my attention with store windows filled with silver plated menorahs and books written in Hebrew.,I strolled among elderly men sporting dark beards and equally dark suits, women wrapped in shawls and boys wearing skull-cap yarmulkes who jostled for space on the crowded sidewalks with sightseers from around the city and the world.,The tempting scents of fresh pickles, brisket of beef and other traditional treats wafted out through open shop doors.,Today those familiar odors mingle with the aromas of falafel stalls, which serve as evidence of an influx of Jewish people from North African nations in recent decades.,This frenetic setting is close to the quiet elegance of the nearby Place des Vosges, yet is far removed in terms of atmosphere.,To me, this juxtaposition of unlikely attractions is among many appeals that give the Marais neighborhood its unique character, and which provides enough reasons to include it on the “must see” list in Paris.,For more information about France, and the Marais district of Paris, log onto  us.france.fr.,Author Bio: After gallivanting throughout the United States and to more than 75 other countries around the world, and writing about what he sees, does and learns, Victor Block retains the travel bug. He firmly believes that travel is the best possible education, and claims he still has a lot to learn. He loves to explore new destinations and cultures, and his stories about them have won a number of writing awards.,Cuba exists in a time warp, and travelers are drawn to the bygone 1950s era, complete with pink Pontiac convertibles and a secret Hemingway hangout bar.,Cuba waits with bated breath and heady visions of wildly transferring cyber dollars. Maybe even with open arms.,With the relaxed restrictions on American travel to Cuba, tourists are flocking to this formerly off-limits island, but not so much for investment possibilities. They just want to get to Havana before McDonald’s.,That, and they are drawn to the bygone 1950s era. A time-travel ride through Havana in a pink ’55 Pontiac convertible has a certain appeal as do the narrow cobblestone streets that secret a Hemingway-hangout bar.,Yes, there was also that revolution and its interesting honored remnants. But mostly Americans go just because they can, and as long as there is a return plane ticket they will.,But with hotels already overbooked, a mass post-embargo influx may be a problem.,Cuba exists in a time warp, a cash economy where there are no U.S. credit and debit cards or ATMs.,Roaming international phone service to the U.S. is newly available but by only one provider so far. Wi-Fi is sparse and often slow and is not free anywhere even in the hotels.,Devoid of all the conveniences most of the world enjoys, Cubans lead a less complicated life. They do not pay taxes.,They appear satisfied with socialized health care (even if their underpaid providers are not) and free lifelong education that includes university. These benefits keep many on the island.,Assuming the embargo will end — and that’s assuming a lot — it will take time to catch up technology-wise and only if the government admits it needs to do so.,All that said, the country’s century-old Spanish-style buildings are collapsing at a rate of several a day.,Although restoration is in progress, it’s expensive and so extensive it’s hard to see how the many residences of wealthy 19th century sugar-cane-rich families can be saved.,Havana is what Miguel Coyula, architect, urban planner and professor at the University of Havana, has named “The last virgin city.” They’d like to keep it that way.,Our tour was educational and interactive, a required condition by Cuban tourism, with morning lectures on history, architecture, and religion.,We also took visits to museums, dance and music schools, a graphic arts school, a bookstore, and a senior center — people to people.,We learned the history of the island, its colonial architecture and its strategic position for trade to the gulf states.,Our accommodation in Havana was the historic Hotel Nacional de Cuba. Built in the 1930s, it was visited by notables including the likes of Frank Sinatra and Winston Churchill.,The original wood-paneled elevators are still in use, and tuxedoed waiters still serve in the dining room.,After the revolution only Cubans were permitted as guests, but that changed once the Russians decamped along with their money (The Special Period). Tourists were then welcomed back.,We strolled about Revolution Square in Havana where likenesses of Che Guevara and Camilo Cienfuegos, revolution heroes, honor the facades of government buildings. In Santa Clara we visited the Che memorial.,On the way to Cienfuegos we wet our feet in the Bay of Pigs and visited a museum that paid tribute to those who died defending that invasion.,Throughout the tour we dined in paladars — private restaurants that welcomed us with a complimentary mojito. Cuban food, contrary to our preconceptions, is not spicy.,Pulled pork, black beans and rice were always on the menu. Cuba imports food, which after the demise of its sugar-cane past seems such a waste of fertile, uncultivated land.,Although we of course understood the term “cash economy,” the reality of such a system took some time to sink in. One in our group fell for a canvas painted by an art school student.,The cost was 400 CUCs (Cuban Convertible Pesos, pronounced “kooks”; about $400). She was a bit short. No checks, no plastic, no sale — unfortunate for the artist.,Cuba has an interesting two-currency system: pesos for Cubans and the CUCs for everyone else. There is a 13% tax on the exchange of U.S. dollars — a tax that applies only on American dollars.,If you visit Cuba and the dollar-to-Euro exchange is favorable, take Euros, or for that matter, Canadian dollars.,Money exchange is made in the airport once inside the country. The exchange rate does not vary within the country.,Cuban workers receive a monthly government salary so inadequate most need to find alternative ways to earn.,With no tax filing, that’s not a problem. We were told that it would not be unusual for a doctor, for example, to drive a cab in off-hours.,The blending of U.S. and Cuban business ventures may be a tough sell because Cuba, with all its crumbling buildings and food rationing, has something that we in the states do not — no gambling, no drugs, no guns.,In addition to the embargo issues, Raul Castro has also announced he will retire in 2018, which should add come fireworks to the celebration.,As Cubans look forward to the end of the embargo, then, surely it must be with reservations. Before that all happens go if you can find any open tours. Get there before Havana spawns a Little Miami.,Author Bio: Steffany Willey has been published online in Everyday Fiction, Short Fiction Break, Slattery’s Art of Horror Magazine, and The Creativity Webzineand in Birds & Blooms in print.,[mappress mapid=”974″],Heeding a few simple tips can make all the difference on your international trip abroad.,I’ve traveled enough abroad to warrant needing extra pages in my passport. Along the way I’ve gathered the following useful suggestions.,1) Go to the Bank First: You’ll need plenty of clean, un-torn and unwrinkled bills in small denominations. These are handy for tips, taxis and souvenir shops. Remember, any change you get will be in the country’s currency and you don’t want too much of this. It can be hard to unload at the end of your trip.,2) Just in Case, Take Two: Few things can put a damper on a vacation like camera trouble. Don’t just take extra memory cards and batteries; take an extra camera, even if it’s a disposable one. It’s also wise to pack two of other must-haves like sunglasses, reading glasses, and house keys.,3) Pickpockets Love Vacationers: Be extra careful. One gentleman tells of an experience he had while traveling abroad. He’d bought a pair of travel pants with an inside pocket zipper where he carried his credit cards. One day as he bent down to tie his sneaker, he was jostled by a swarm of people. When he stood up, this pocket zipper was open; his credit cards gone. He reached for his cell phone in his shirt pocket. Taped to the back were the phone numbers of the credit card companies, the cards numbers and security code. He cancelled them immediately.,4) Bano? Toliet? Bathroom? WC?: You better learn the necessary words for the country you’re visiting before leaving home. Understand that in foreign countries the standards may not be up to those at home, but with a few Kleenex in one pocket and Purell in the other, you’ll be ready for anything.,5) Slip Them In: For a clean fresh scent in your suitcase, spread some fabric softener sheets among your clothes. While you’re at it, pack a few disposable plastic grocery bags and different sized zip-lock bags. They’ll come in handy for damp bathing suits and sandy shoes. Some hotels supply wash cloths and tissues—some don’t.,6) You’ll Be Glad To Have Them: A flashlight that works, insect repellent with 35% Deet, travel alarm, pens, Sharpie marker, money belt, copy of your prescriptions and passport, extra batteries, duct tape, sun block, Tylenol, pocket size dictionary of that country’s language and hope-you-don’t-need-it, but-you-may, Pepto- Bismal tablets and Imodium.,7) Partial Truths: Travel brochures will tell you, “Everyone speaks English” or “The US dollar is accepted everywhere.” Well, sometimes. It depends on where you’re going—Cities? Usually. Rural areas and small shops? Often not. Best to have small amounts of the local currency and to use credit cards where accepted, in spite of the transaction fee. ATM’s are found in most locations; Traveler’s Checks can be problematic to cash.,8) Just In Case: Put a copy of your passport and itinerary in each suitcase and carry-on. That way if your luggage is lost or misplaced, it will have a better chance of finding you.,9) Don’t Take Chances: More and more hotels have in-suite safes that are simple to use. All you have to do is type in a three or four digit code of your choice to secure your passport, jewelry, spare credit cards and extra money. If there is no safe available, ask to use the hotel’s.,10) Find Room: Try to squeeze a small duffel with its own luggage tag into your suitcase. You’ll find it handy to carry souvenirs and/or dirty laundry.,With its vineyards, mountains and beautiful setting on Lake Geneva, Switzerland’s Montreux Riviera is a place not to miss.,Editor’s Note: The situation in Switzerland is on the up is still a little uncertain. Wearing a mask is not compulsory, except on public transport, but is recommended, especially in confined spaces such as bars and restaurants. The Swiss government made some good decisions early on which enabled the country to come out of their strict restrictions last month. Switzerland Tourism together with hotels and restaurants has produced  “Clean & Safe” labels for hotels and restaurants that have implemented safety procedures to prevent contamination. Borders in Europe have opened and slowly people are starting to return to Switzerland on holiday or plan their winter getaway.,Standing at the edge of the rickety pier at Chillon Castle overlooking a mirror flat Lake Geneva, whose clear surface glistens with the reflection of the snow-covered Alps beyond, I am reminded of the words of beloved singer-songwriter Freddie Mercury: “Is this the real life, or is this just fantasy?” ,It should come as no surprise that one of the world’s greatest musical geniuses took inspiration from one of the world’s most beautiful spots, but standing here on what seems like a precipice to heaven, I am surprised. I am surprised, that despite my love for all things Queen, I didn’t even know this place existed.,Montreux is often passed over. Literally, the highway from busy Geneva runs right above this small lakeside town and it’s that highway that many simply speed along on their way to a mountain holiday in the Alps, forgetting or not knowing, about Montreux, her exquisite beauty and her musical and medieval history.,With its castles, lakes, mountains and vineyards, the Montreux Riviera, as the region is often called, offers a postcard-perfect landscape.,In fact, I too, nearly skipped Montreux entirely when planning a three-week sojourn to Switzerland. If it wasn’t for some extra few nights that stared blankly up at me from my itinerary and the need to be close to the Geneva airport for my flight, I’m not sure I would have ever thought to stop here, but I’m glad I did. ,When Google mapping showed how to make the journey from the airport to Montreux, I discovered that while that highway was no doubt the quickest route, a more winding road followed the lakeside all the way to my hotel.,The first hours in Switzerland were spent on this road, flanked on one side by wintry vineyards and cute crumbling castles, and on the other by nothing but the lake and train tracks for what has to be one of the most scenic commuter train journeys in the world.,Walking down the “Riviera of Switzerland” as it is referred to by locals, it was clear to see that this was a land of real money. Grocery stores and simple cafes were hard to find as boutique stores and fine-dining establishments lined the streets. Men in suits and perfectly manicured women in high heels sipped on Champagne-laden cocktails on the street.,However, turning down toward the lake itself, a simpler life revealed itself. Here couples basked in the pink hues of the setting winter sun, picnicking on benches alongside statues of what could be their younger selves. And amid them all, a bronze Mr. Mercury raised his fist toward those jagged mountains across the water in that iconic pose that would freeze him in time for all of history.,However, during my brief time there, Montreux revealed herself to me as more than just a pretty face. ,The Casino Barrière de Montreux allowed me to walk into the real studios where Queen wrote and recorded much of its music between 1979 and 1996. I stood where legends had, in an area untouched since the band departed from this Swiss town that had become its muse, its inspiration and its escape from reality. I even admit to letting a tear slide down my cheek as I was transported to a tiny room in the back of the casino where the band’s final album was recorded. ,While on the other hand, the drawbridge at Chillon Castle led me past the picture-perfect façade to embark on a quirky trail where I met up with Dukes of Chavoy and walked on ancient paths to learn about a time of conquests, conflicts, wines grown within the castle walls, hidden armies, midnight escapades on the lake and torturing deaths. ,And while there was so much more to Montreux, from wine tasting to hiking, markets, boating and museums, I struggled to tear myself away from that view. Sitting on the balcony of my apartment at Hotel Bristol upon departure, I truly felt as if I were in a fairy tale.,That castle sat almost atop the water on my left, while on my right the lake seemed to stretch for eternity, not a ripple on its surface. I couldn’t draw my eyes away as I popped my breakfast berries into my gaping mouth. ,And I thought back again to the words of Freddie and the very last lyrics he wrote in Montreux before his untimely demise: “Am I dreaming? So quiet and peaceful. Tranquil and blissful. There’s a kind of magic in the air. What a truly magnificent view. A breathtaking scene…”,At just an hour from Geneva airport, a visit to Montreux is easily tagged on the beginning or end of a longer getaway to Switzerland. However, I highly recommend not rushing your visit here. I for one definitely didn’t plan enough time just simply to sit and stare and remember to breathe and stare some more.,There are a variety of scenic viewpoints to visit, while the nearby towns of Lausanne and Gruyere also offer a host of things to do. However, the real reason to visit Montreux is just to stop, relax and soak in the stunning views. I highly recommend splurging for a hotel with a balcony view to make the most of your stay here, no matter the season. Being the realm of the wealthy, this type of accommodation in Montreux can set you back a  bit. ,That is why I was delighted to discover Hotel Bristol. The hotel’s spacious self-catering apartments meant I didn’t need to spend a fortune eating out and could conjure up something delicious to enjoy on the balcony. That said, the hotel’s breakfast, which I also enjoyed on the balcony, was really special.,Some of the hotel’s building is rented out as private residences to the elderly, but with private elevators and their own section of the hotel, it is unlikely you will come into contact with any of the locals lucky enough to call this their home. As a three-star property, the Hotel Bristol offers the views you want in Montreux without the price tag of some of the other properties in the area. Check it out here: https://www.bristol-montreux.ch/en/,A visit to Montreux is not complete with stopping at Chillon Castle. You can enjoy guided tours of the castle, wine tastings and even concerts and a variety of exhibitions here.,This iconic castle makes for some stunning photographs and is the most-visited historic monument in Switzerland and one of the best-preserved castles in Europe. You can find more details about the castle’s visiting hours and entry fees here: https://www.chillon.ch/en/,For more information on what to do in and around Montreux or particular events happening in the region visit: https://www.region-du-leman.ch/en/Z138/montreux-riviera-pure-inspiration,Author bio: Janine Avery was born and bred in Cape Town, South Africa, and says there is nowhere she would rather call home. She is a lover of all things nature and loves to explore new places, enjoying any form of travel from basic tenting to lazing in luxury lodges. She also loves to dabble in digital marketing, spread messages on social media, and take audiences on a journey through her travel stories.,Ready to explore the rich history, stunning beauty and exciting arts of the eternal city of Rome? Here is your guide to the best times to visit Rome.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,The Eternal City. That is a second name for Rome, thanks to its historical significance as the cradle of Western civilization and Christian culture.,Through the centuries, Rome has been known as one of the most famous centers of art and culture and a seat of the Roman Catholic Church. Today it is a modern city and the capital of Italy, one of the most beautiful countries in Europe.,Rome is a city of fountains, ancient buildings, outstanding museums, and beautiful squares. It has a Mediterranean climate, with warm summers and mild winters.,During the summer months, you can expect dry and sunny days with temperatures above 30 degrees Celsius. Rainy days are often only in the fall. The temperature rarely falls below zero, even in winter, so you can explore the city all year round.,We recommend going on a historical tour through ancient Rome to visit Colosseum, the worldwide known ancient arena, the Roman Forum, and the Pantheon, a former roman temple known for its perfect proportion.,You will love the Sunday morning shopping experience at the Porta Portese flea market and exploring the medieval Trastevere neighborhood. You can climb to the top of St. Peter’s Basilica or the Gianicolo Hill for a great panoramic view of the city, or explore the Piazza Navona, the square from the 15th century with many cafes, shops, and monuments.,You can also discover the numerous gelaterias, pizzerias, and cafes in the Campo de Fiori area, sit on Spanish steps or toss a coin in the famous Trevi Fountain.,During your visit to Rome, you can also go on day trips to Naples, Florence, and Venice, as well as the beautiful Amalfi Coast and the famous ancient town of Pompeii.,In this Rome travel guide, you will find out the best time to go to Rome and when is the low season with smaller crowds, so you can avoid the long lines at city landmarks.,April is maybe the most beautiful month of the year to visit Rome. Many tourists come during Holy Week and Easter. However, in that period you can expect higher prices in hotels. The weather is typically pleasant, with temperatures going to 15-20 degrees Celsius.,Rome Marathon is another significant event that brings tourists from around the world to Rome. It is usually held at the end of March or early April. Every April 21, the locals celebrate Rome’s birthday. You can see the fights of gladiators, street parades, and fireworks over the Tiber River.,Many tourists choose early May to visit Rome, thanks to days off from work for International Worker’s Day. The average temperature is around 20-25 degrees Celsius, so the weather is enjoyable for sightseeing the squares and city attractions. Rome is lovely in May, thanks to many flower arrangements on terraces and greenery in parks.,You can visit the Open House Roma, the annual event celebrating architecture and design. Roma Outdoor Festival brings many musical and art events to the Eternal City. ,Night of Museums is another interesting event that celebrates cultural and historical heritage. The museums will stay open until 2 AM, with many free performances.,In May, Rome also hosts the Italian Open, one of the significant tennis tournaments in the world.,In June, the days become warmer. The temperature is around 25 degrees Celsius. There are more tourists in the city, thanks to the Republic Day Festival and Festa di San Giovanni.,Summer months are the peak tourist season in Rome, so accommodation prices are growing. If you plan a visit to Rome in the high season, we recommend booking a few months earlier to save some money.,July and August are the hottest months in Rome, with average temperatures above 30 degrees Celsius. That is the perfect time for eating gelato, probably the best ice cream in the world. The nights are warm, so it’s ideal for enjoying a dinner in the garden of some nice restaurant while sipping quality Italian wine.,The National Feast Ferragosto is held on August 15, when many Romans go on vacation.,In September, you can visit some exciting events such as Arts and Antique Fairs, and Sagra dell’Uva, the grape harvest festival. ,Rome is just 30 kilometers away from the sea. You can go on a day trip to nearby long sandy beaches, like Fregene, Ostia, Sabaudia and Torvajanica beach. They are equipped with sunbaths, showers, bars, and other beach facilities.,You will experience 10 or 11 hours of sunshine every day during the summer. So, don’t forget to drink enough water to stay hydrated, bring sunglasses and put on a lot of SPF. Moving through crowds in high temperatures is normal during the summer in Rome.,After the summer season, many museums and galleries introduce new exhibitions. It attracts numerous art and culture fans to Rome. ,The days in October are still warm. Pleasant weather offers ideal conditions for strolls, so you can enjoy exploring the city’s landmarks like Colosseum, Pantheon, and Roman Forum.,In October, Rome hosts significant events such as Roma Europa Festival with music concerts and The International Film Festival.,The weather in November can be a bit unpredictable. You can expect rainy days, the temperature starts to drop, and the days become shorter. However, you can still explore Rome before the cold season sets in. ,You can attend various live music performances at the Roma Jazz Festival, which is held in early November. That is one of the most significant Jazz festivals in Europe, where the biggest stars such as B.B. King, Bob Dylan, and Miles Davis performed. ,You can expect temperatures around 20 degrees Celsius in October and around 15 degrees Celsius in November. Don’t forget to bring a light jacket and an umbrella.,Every December, the Italian capital turns into a winter wonderland. You can admire gorgeous decorations and feel the Christmas spirit at every corner. ,Piazza Navona hosts the Christmas Market, and Piazza del Popolo is the central place for New Year’s Eve celebrations, with live music and fireworks. There are also many stands with street food and Italian wines.,Rome also hosts Christmas cribs and Nativity scenes. The most famous crib in Rome is built every year in St. Peter’s Square.,The average temperature drops below 10 degrees Celsius. Winter months are ideal for visiting museums, galleries, and cathedrals such as Galleria Borghese, Capitoline Museums, the Vatican Museums, and Sistine Chapel. ,January, the coldest month in Rome, offers The Feast of the Epiphany holiday with many festivities and parades, as well as winter sales with big discounts of up to 60-70%. So if you love shopping, January is the best time of the year to visit Rome.,February is still cold, but with fewer crowds, so you can visit all of Rome’s landmarks if you don’t mind the cold. In the first half of March, the weather can be wintery cold and rainy. But, by the end of the month, warmer spring days can be expected. March is still the low season, and crowds are possible only if Easter falls in March.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,With its towering skyline and bustling culture, Shanghai is like no other city. Here’s a look at its tallest skyscrapers.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Shanghai stands out as one of the top cities in China that birthed the construction of skyscrapers. The city is notable for the iconic Jin Mao Tower, which is 420m tall, and Oriental Pearl Tower, around 468m above the ground. These were the first tallest buildings to spring up in Shanghai, while many other cities in China have their skylines between 100 to 200 meters.,The city is blessed with architects who have an eye for tall buildings as Shanghai is home to the second tallest building globally – the Shanghai tower completed in 2015.,In East Asia, Shanghai is majestic and with its supertall towers all above 400 meters. No other cities can rival Shanghai in this respect. Below is an overview of the tallest buildings in Shanghai,Shanghai is one of the world’s top places with its iconic buildings and high skylines. A China Visa is the only thing standing between you and the fantastic Shanghai skyline.,Shanghai Tower is the tallest Shanghai building in China and the second tallest in the world. This Shanghai skyline includes Jin Mao Tower to its North and Shanghai World Financial Center to its east.,If you’d love a great view of the city, explore the tallest building in Shanghai and make your way to the observation deck. From this spot, tourists can see the Huangpu River, the Bund located in the west and several surrounding Shanghai skyscrapers like Jin Mao Tower.,You can also explore the exhibition hall located on floor B1, with an express elevator ride to the 118th floor. On the 125th and 126th floor, they can view the Shanghai Eye’s exhibition.,Shanghai tower was constructed in a River basin with a solid foundation. Engineers used nine hundred and eighty foundation piles deep inside the ground as far as 282 feet down with concrete of 61,000 m3 to set a thick baseboard. The baseboard was used as an anchor for the main building.,This Shanghai skyscraper’s exterior spirals upward in the form of a snake. On every floor, the building twists with one degree to counter the effect of the wind at higher altitudes. This is an essential detail for a building as tall as Shanghai Tower. It helps the tower resist the wind and water from the powerful typhoons in the area.,The tower is made of two glass facades – an inner and the exterior one, which overlaps the building like a tube. These two tubes have space that varies from 1 meter to 10 meters, giving ample public space in the building. Also, it acts like a heat insulation layer, providing the same effect as a thermos flask. This effect helps the city by reducing the need for indoor air conditioning.,There is more to the Shanghai tower than the height. The concept that guided the city’s creation was to have a “vertical city within a city,” which has nine sections. Over 380,000 square meters, 128 floors and 149 lifts, every section has 12 to 15 floors. There are hotels, shops, boutiques, gardens, offices and conference rooms in the building. Three of the elevators in this Shanghai building are the fastest in the world, with a speed of 65 km/hour.,Have you ever wondered why this building is so famous? The exterior is the shape of a bottle opener. It is located in the financial hub of Pudong.,Shanghai World Financial Center (SWFC) is blessed with a mall on the ground floor and exhibition halls. There are also monetary agencies, renowned hotels and conference rooms inside this Shanghai skyscraper. Don’t let the building’s name mislead you – the building is a city inside a city. It has restaurants and shopping malls and many other prominent features. The topmost floor is reserved for tourist activities and sightseeing. There is an area dedicated to offices, businesses and conference spaces and it even has places for relaxation.,The SWFC’s view is one of a kind, especially when the sun fades and the city’s lights turn on for the night. If you want a bird’s eye view or a professional picture that showcases you aerially against Shanghai’s skyline, SWFC is the place to be and you will not be disappointed.,From the SWFC observation deck, there are some fantastic views of Shanghai’s skylines. You will get an unparallel idea of the Pudong district and Huangpu river bank. The western side gives you a view of the Jin Mao Tower.,The observation deck located on the 94th floor, consists of halls stretching about 750m2. It is a perfect exhibition site that gives a fantastic view of River Huangpu alongside the Shanghai skyscraper’s cool perspective. There are artifacts and souvenirs here, and you can get the perfect snapshot as well.,SWFC has various views that will give you a great perspective of the Shanghai skyline. Here, you have a perfect deck ideal for photoshoots and selfies.,Oh, what a phenomenal experience the skywalk at the SWFC is. On the 100th floor, appreciate the reinforced glass floor that is 60 yards long. You get to view people from above and enjoy the Chinese horizon and the River Huangpu bank. Finally, you will love the illuminated skylines at sunset, the views are breathtaking.,Shanghai Oriental Pearl TV Tower is the sixth-highest tower in the world. It was constructed with 11 steel spheres in different sizes, which hang from the sky over the green grassland. This tower forms an iconic image described as a significant and small pearl dropping on a plate of jade.,Observation Decks: there are three major sightseeing spheres in this shanghai building. There is a nice observation deck in each building where tourists can immerse themselves in the breathtaking view of the Shanghai skyline.,The Space Module is the highest sphere, which is 350 meters. It will give you a bird’s eye view of Shanghai.,There are three levels at the lowest sphere, located at 850 feet to 876 feet. The top-level houses a revolving restaurant, while the lower two serve as a platform for viewing the city. At 259 meters, the glass-bottomed sightseeing floor gives a fantastic view of the Huangpu River.,At the height of 295 feet is the Space City – the lowest sphere.,Located at the ground level, Tourists will find the Shanghai Museum of history with thousands of historical artifacts alongside other fantastic pieces of architecture that have been scaled down for up-close viewing. The museum provides a perfect platform to learn about Shanghai’s rich culture through the years.,The tower also houses the highest restaurant in Asia that revolves. Tourists will find it in the second big ball of the building and at the height of 263 meters in this Shanghai skyscraper. You will find a buffet dinner and lunch that offers a vast selection of Western and Chinese delicacies.,The Space Capsule mimics a real space shuttle. An astronaut welcomes tourists at the capsule entrance, where you get to learn about space using videos and photos.,Jin Mao Tower, constructed on a 24,000 square meter expanse of land, has become one of Shanghai’s top architectural highlights. The design is a combination of the latest technology with ancient Chinese style. The building was created around the number eight – a number linked with prosperity in China. Additionally, Buddhists believe the number eight is a lucky number.,At completion, this 420-meter high Shanghai building was the tallest in China then. It still stands as one of the most iconic. With 88 floors, this tower is now a model for Shanghai skyscrapers and others across the world.,The tower houses the Hyatt Hotel, which gives a brilliant view of the city and the environment on the 38th floor. The first 50 floors in the tower are made up of offices. A six-story podium serves as an exhibition center, a cinema, conference hall, and retail space measuring 20,000 square meters. The tower’s base is enclosed with a landscaped yard alongside a reflective pool, which provides welcome relaxation from the hustle-bustle of Shanghai’s city life.,The building’s engineers protected the tower from earthquakes and tycoons with advanced structural features. The tower is made of metal with a glass curtain that reflects the city’s changing skies and it is illuminated at night.,There is also a service at the tower known as “wander in the cloud.” You can walk on a glass skywalk that is 60 meters long and 1.2 meters wide with no rails. You can find this exciting adventure on the 88th sightseeing floor. Here you will also get a terrific view of the river below.,Shimao International Plaza is situated at the urban core of the city. It lies along the most extensive commercial street in China, Nanjing Road, with almost 2 million visitors daily. This Shanghai tower is located in a central location with other attractions like the People’s Square, which entices guests to visit the area.,The tower is unique because of its recurring triangular geometry with three connected architectural units – the open plaza, central tower and a retail podium. The tower has its southwestern and northwestern façade with an orthogonal confluence point. As the building rises, it sets back and narrows, which adds to its height.,The setback creates angles that support the building’s design, with the pattern appearing all through the building. There are angular supports that hold the two spires that rises from the building’s top.,Even though the building is enveloped in glass, light-colored accents reveal the building’s form on its side. There are LED lights that superbly illuminate the spires and corners of the building at night.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author bio: Tony Chao,This popular destination in the American Northwest has a distinct vibe all its own. From eclectic restaurants to world-class art, Portland, Oregon is filled with unique treasures. Here are some top spots for a weekend visit.,It seems as if no matter the season, the northwest is calling. If you’re in the western part of the US, Portland, Oregon is only a two or three-hour flight away. Rates for a direct round trip is affordable (Southwest and Alaska Airlines offer some of the best rates), and private lodging can be had for under $100 per night. So fly out on Thursday night and come back Sunday for a full three-day getaway.,Find your best discounted flight fare here
.,Consider staying at a B&B or renting an Airbnb in Portland for the weekend. Across the Willamette River, east of downtown, are some safe, affordable neighborhoods with lots of restaurants and shops worth exploring as well.,Staying out of downtown will save money on overpriced hotels and city parking costs. My girlfriend and I rented a guest house in the Brentwood-Darlington neighborhood for three nights for less than $300. We had a large modern studio space with a private patio, full kitchen, big-screen TV and couch, and a comfortable Queen-sized bed.,Find a hotel or Airbnb in Portland here:,What you’ll save on lodging will pay for a rental car and some meals out. And you’ll want a rental car to drive to the coast, which I strongly suggest if you’re unsure when your next trip to Oregon will be.,We rented an SUV from AVIS, which is a short walk under the tunnel at Portland International Airport — no shuttle required — for under $150.,There was more than enough street parking where we stayed, and street parking or daily parking downtown was affordable. If you decide against the car, downtown is only 15 minutes from the airport and the train system is excellent.,Powell’s City of Books: If you love books and coffee, then this is a must. Powell’s headquarters on Burnside Street is the epicenter of west coast literary life. It is “the largest new and used bookstore in the world” — a multi-level labyrinth of new and used book rooms that could each serve as their own oversized bookstore. Centrally located in The Pearl District, this is a good location to start your exploration of the city.,Voodoo Doughnut: Adjacent to the “Portland is Weird” sign (really, it’s painted on the side of a building) is Voodoo Doughnut, the most popular donut shop in town. People line up outside of the building. But don’t worry – the line moves fast and the wait is well worth it. The shop is open 24 hours per day and makes some of the wildest donuts you’ll ever see, with both the design and the ingredients. Go grab a dozen while you’re in the neighborhood.,Tea Tasting at Smith’s: Although the weather in Portland can be temperamental, there is so much to do inside that the weather doesn’t have to interfere with your plans. Rain or pour, take a trip to Smith’s Teamaker; the original location in the northwest end of the city: it’s in an original 100-year-old blacksmith shop. The tasting room is tiny, but it’s worth a trip to this side of the city.,Considering how easily it can fill up (there are only a few tables and a few stools at the bar), head to their 13,000 square foot location on Washington Street if it’s raining to have a better chance at a table. For a reasonable $10, you get to try a flight of teas — four full cups — per person. They range from a spectrum of green teas to herbal teas. The staff is extremely passionate and knowledgeable about tea and is more than happy to answer any questions. Take home a tin of your favorite.,Shanghai Tunnels/Portland Underground: Portland, known as the “Forbidden City of the West,” has a wild history of violence, kidnapping, and drunkenness. Take a tour of The Underground and try to wrap your learn about the port town’s history, so much of which took place underneath the city streets.,Portland, like many west coast port towns, had a vast network of tunnels that expanded from building basements all the way out to the water, making it easier for merchants to move goods to and from the ships. But that wasn’t the only thing the tunnel was used for. You won’t see a ton of the underground, but you’ll see enough to make it worth your while, and learn something while you’re at it.,(Tours are currently cancelled through October 2020. Contact ShangHaiTunnels@onemain.com with questions for future tours.),Check out some other tour options around Portland here.,Hike Up to Pittock Mansion: There are lots of hiking options just outside of downtown; this is one of the many characteristics that make Portland unique. Just a ten minute trip from downtown, through a couple of mountain tunnels, puts you in Forest Park, a 5157-acre park, where the century-old Pittock Mansion overlooks downtown.,There are a number of hiking options to get there (and you can park directly at the mansion if hiking isn’t your thing). The trails are beginner to intermediate level, so don’t be intimidated. My girlfriend and I enjoyed a three-mile up and back hike and saw some woodpeckers. Take a tour of the mansion for $11.,Portland City Grill: Grab lunch at the Portland City Grill, one of the best views of downtown from the 30th floor on 5th It was on OpenTable’s list of 100 Most Scenic Restaurants in America for 2016, and well worth the elevator ride. It’s a great spot for a drink and a long lunch with a daytime view. The lunch menu is very reasonable, so it’s more bang for your buck; dinner entrees go up in price quite a bit. If you don’t have time to eat, but find yourself in the neighborhood, stop off for an appetizer and a drink.,Stumptown Coffee Roasters: There are droves of coffee shops in Portland, and you really can’t go wrong with any of them. My favorite was Stumptown Coffee Roasters; they’re all over the city, and they make quite the cup, with a lot of different options. If you’re unsure where to start, do a tasting at their headquarters on Salmon Street.,Aerial Tram: Most cities charge an outrageous amount for something as touristy as an aerial tram that overlooks the city. Portland, however, is not that city. For $4.70, with children under six riding for free, the short tram ride offers 360-degree views of downtown and the mountains. If you’re fortunate to get a clear day, it will be the best five bucks you spend in town. ,A mere 90 minutes from Portland, Cannon Beach, Oregon is a must if you have the time. The beach near Haystack Rock, a 235-foot icon that sits in the Pacific just a couple of hundred feet offshore (you can walk up to it in low tide) that is part of the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge, is a great place to take a walk with the family or partner.,Get a bite to eat at The Wayfarer Restaurant and Lounge, where, from your table, you can look out through the wall of windows that face the Pacific and Haystack. Even the tables in the back of the restaurant, which are set up a couple of feet above the ground floor, have a gorgeous view.,Have the braised short rib poutine — potato fries tossed with shredded braised short ribs and shallot’s Beecher’s Flagship white cheddar cheese curds with Bordelaise sauce. It’s an Oregon favorite and a hearty starter after a long, windy walk. The quaint downtown area, although touristy, is worth spending some time in. There’s an independent bookstore, lots of coffee shops, and boutique shops.,There is so much else to do in greater Portland — from a half-day hike out to Multnomah Falls to brewpub excursions and wine tours, and hitting the thrift shops and antique stores. Take four photos at the photo booth at Ace Hotel (my girlfriend and I got a great personal souvenir!), or stroll through the Japanese Garden if you get good weather.,Like any city with a lot of culture, you could spend weeks in Portland without getting bored. Choose wisely, but don’t think you’ll be able to see and do everything you want to do in one weekend.,Author’s Bio: Geoff Watkinson has an MFA from Old Dominion University, where he taught writing. He has contributed to storySouth, Guernica, Switchback, The Virginian-Pilot, and The San Diego Union-Tribune, among others. Read more of his work at geoffwatkinson.wordpress.com, or find him on Twitter: @GeoffWatkinson.,Carnival in Nice, France is a huge event. The two-week season is filled with events and parades. Here’s what to see and do at Carnival.,Not expecting much, my friend and I decided to hop on a plane to Nice in mid-February to escape the bitter cold of northern France. Luckily, during this time, Nice Carnival was in full swing.,In the three days we spent in the French Riviera, Carnival has firmly secured a spot in my list of must-sees when traveling in France.,Nice Carnival is an annual festival in February that has been celebrated for centuries, and you’ll want to plan ahead if you want to attend next year. Although Carnival spans two weeks, you only need two days to catch the main festivities – the parades.,I suggest watching the parades on a weekday as opposed to a weekend to avoid larger crowds.,Reading brochures on the Flower Parade led us to believe that delicious drinks made of champagne and orange juice would be thrown into the crowd. Never ones to turn down free alcohol, we dumbly stood in the crowd awaiting our mimosas.,As it turns out, the mimosas the brochure was referring to was a flower. In hindsight, we should have been tipped off by the timing of the parade. The afternoon is not the right time for a brunch drink.,During the Flower Parade, several floats adorned in mountains of fresh flowers move down the streets of Nice accompanied by marching bands, dancers, acrobats, and a bevy of other interesting characters.,While you sing and dance along in the crowd, you’re supposed to anxiously wait for the people on top of the floats to throw flowers at you. It’s like a never-ending wedding bouquet toss.,As soon as they exhaust their pile of flowers, they begin stripping the floats of their floral decorations. By the end of the parade, the once intricately designed flower floats become skeletons, while the crowds of people become a garden of lilies and gerberas.,They don’t call it a “flower battle” for no reason. It can be a feisty competition, but you’re guaranteed to walk out with fistfuls of plants. Although my friend and I would have preferred bottles of mimosas over bouquets of mimosas, we were more than content with our haul.,The Carnival Parade takes place at two different times of the day, but you’re much better off watching it at night when it becomes the Carnival Parade of Lights. Equal parts light show and street party, this parade is a true spectacle.,It rekindles your childlike wonder and shows you that European nights are reserved for more than just bar hops and clubbing.,Each year, a different theme is chosen and several towering floats are built, including the King and Queen of Carnival. The characters on the floats can vary from fascinating creatures to satirized political figures, but they all light up in spectacular colors.,The floats are accompanied by some of the same marchers from the Flower Parade as well as new entertainers that look particularly striking in the night.,Before the parade, stop by the street vendors to pick up some key Carnival provisions. A bag of confetti can be purchased inexpensively (it is just a bag of scrap paper after all) and is a lot of fun to throw around.,A carnival mask allows you to feel like you’re part of the parade and makes for a great souvenir. Some snacks are also highly recommended to satiate your stomach. I enjoyed churros with a Nutella dipping sauce.,Due to recent tragedies, the organizers of Carnival have taken measures to ensure security for all attendees. This includes scaling back on the festival program.,As such, Carnival may not have the same amount of high energy events as previous years. Thankfully, Nice has so much more to offer.,During off times, take a stroll along the Promenade des Anglais and admire the French Riviera. It’s probably a little too cold in February for a swim, but feel free to dip your toes in the water. You can also get lost in Old Nice; literally and figuratively.,Although it’s relatively small, make sure to bring a map so you don’t miss key attractions and you can find your way out.,Take your time to discover all things Niçois such as the colorful architecture, the laid-back way of life and the socca – a delicious food that I can only describe as a savory flatbread-crepe hybrid.,If you have the time, Monaco is right next door. It’s just one bus or train ride away to this glitzy microstate. Remember, if you plan on getting into the casino, make sure you wear closed-toed shoes.,I watched elegantly dressed women get stopped at the door because they were wearing open-toed heels while tourists in sneakers entered without any trouble.,Nice Carnival Official Website: https://www.nicecarnaval.com/en/index.php,Author Bio: Jan Natividad is a traveler and writer. Sometimes, he’s even a travel writer. Give him a shout on Twitter @jwnatividad or check out his website, jannatividad.com,10 out of 10 beautiful,Agreed,very nice,Leave behind cluttered streets to explore canal communities. On the way, pick up keychain souvenirs or a cold beer.,In Bangkok, forget or temporarily suspend the Western notion that the main function of sidewalks is for the movement of pedestrians. The facilitation of pedestrian traffic is one purpose, but it’s certainly not the priority.,The narrow, crowded sidewalks also host a litany of alternative functions: food and clothing stalls, motorcycle taxi cues, telephone polls and booths, and grounds for fortune tellers, beggars and solicitors. Ironically, sometimes it is easier to walk on the traffic-choked streets than the sidewalks.,The frustrating obstructions, the oppressive heat and the relentless entrepreneurial salespeople can make exploring Bangkok on foot an aggravating experience. So where is all this leading, you ask? To the water, fellow traveler. If you are looking for a calmer, gentler, more traditional Bangkok, you might consider leaving the frenzied streets altogether and exploring it by boat.,As we glided peacefully down the canal, Joop, the captain, brought me out of my Huckleberry Finn–like daydream.,“To the front of the boat, to the front of the boat,” she called, gesturing vigorously, as we approached a low bridge.,I scrambled out of the seat next to her and rolled across the cushions toward the bow.,Another tourist group, approaching from the opposite direction, seemed to be involved in similar somersaults, moving to balance the boat’s weight.,We narrowly slipped under the bridge and, with a sigh of relief, Joop brought me deeper into the heart of her canal community.,The canal communities in Bangkok’s Thonburi District hug and spill into the cloudy brown water. I could easily have jumped onto shore and, if feeling particularly bold, joined numerous families for lunch, saved a penalty kick, joined a group of elderly men for a game of mahjong, helped a monk turn off a faucet or leaped, uninvited, into a wedding. Everything was open and within arm’s reach.,The children, with toothy, ivory-white smiles, were the most delightful surprise of the trip. A few feet from our boat they teetered fearlessly on pipes before back flipping into the water. They were everywhere along the canals: small brown heads bobbing like buoys in the dirty, coffee-colored stream.,One daring little rascal, naked, his skin a similar hue to the murky water, grabbed the rail of our boat and let it carry him along, shrieking and laughing before letting go. The boys were all over the place, but where were the girls? I asked Joop.,“Girls not allowed in the canals.”,“Why?”,She thought for a moment and dropped her ever-present smile. “Too dangerous,” she said, and as if reaching an epiphany, added, “and too dirty.”,There were several tourist boats like mine noisily chugging through the canals. The apparent ease with which the residents politely accepted legions of us into their lives was impressive and a little unexpected. Families eating, washing, playing, dressing and sleeping were in naked view. Did they mind? No, apparently not. But surely this complete absence of privacy must have bothered them, or was I viewing matters through a Western lens?,“No it doesn’t bother us,” Joop said, smiling at my suggestion.,“Since I was a young girl, foreigners visited these canals. If not for you, the government would fill them in and build roads.”,In the 19th century Bangkok really was a floating city, and deserved its title as Venice of the East. Four-hundred-thousand inhabitants lived in floating houses on the river, and the rest lived in amphibious habitats — houses on stilts on river or canal banks. The river was the community.,Beginning in the mid 19th century, King Mongkut (Rama IV), and then his son King Chulalongkorn (Rama V), pursued a policy of modernization, and roads and railways were built on and beside the canals.,In their blind, perhaps reckless, race to keep pace with the developed world, Bangkok’s unique aquatic communities were displaced, paved and replaced with roads and car parks.,We passed the Taling Chan Floating Market and saw wizened old women in dugout canoes selling food — chicken, pork, eggs and spices — to locals bunched together on barges. Farther on, past the market, old crumbling temples poked out from fleeting pockets of brush. Shortly after the market we left the canal and joined a wider channel, a tributary of Bangkok’s main river, the Chao Phraya.,Shirtless fishermen lined the shores, casting with their homemade rods into the calm waters under stilted buildings. In the middle of the river, water buses, tourist boats, barges and tug boats passed dangerously close to each other.,In the midst of this crowded marine traffic, a hunched figure in a dazzling purple frock paddled with swiftness and dexterity from the shore to our boat.,When this brave character reached us, I expected to view the countenance of a lean, chiseled rower. Instead, it was a happy, chatty granny named Dow who had been chasing tourist boats for more than 20 years.,Her canoe was heavily laden with cold beer and trinkets. I bought a cold Singha beer and five golden elephant key chains. Before she pushed off, I asked her if there were any difficulties in her profession: large waves, water snakes, too many vessels on the water?,“Ice!” She quickly replied, and pushed off to chase a long, sleek cruiser bursting with tourists.,Bangkok is an evolving city of contrasts — a dizzy, seething mixture of old and new, opulence and poverty, temples and mosques, markets and malls. The city’s industrious canal communities showcase a slower, more traditional lifestyle. The lives of these inhabitants, basic and authentic, are displayed along these narrow waterways. Go ahead, pass through their living room — they don’t mind — honestly.,If You Go,Take the skytrain to the last station (Saphan Taksin) on the Silom line and walk directly under the station to the pier. At the pier, staff at booths sell canal and river tours.,Alternatively, about 5 minutes walk northeast from Khao San Road, the pubic boats stop at the Tha Phra Athit River express pier, in the Banglamphu District. It is located on Ratchadamnoen Road under a low bridge, not far from Wat Ratchanada, Wat Saket or Democracy Monument.,You can book a seat on a group tour, hire your own boat or join the students, office workers and monks on the public boats. Expect to pay between 500-1,000 baht to charter a longtail boat for one hour.,There is no set price, and you can negotiate with the operators. It is polite to tip the boat operators, and it’s appreciated, since the bulk of their earnings come from your charity.,The average fare on the public express boats and canal boats is 5-10 baht, depending on distance.,Thailand River and Canal Tripswww.thailand.com/travel,Thailand Tourism
www.TourismThailand.org, ,The zig-zagging steps and steep slopes of this Sicilian town guide visitors to a Baroque paradise.,Modica is among the towns of southeast Sicily that was devastated by an earthquake in 1693. Its good fortune was to be rebuilt during the late Baroque period, yielding a phenomenal architectural heritage. The challenge today is getting to all the churches and palaces, since they are linked by a maze of steep slopes and stairs. What keeps me going is my admiration for all the craftsmanship and, of course, the delicious rewards along the way.,Modica has clung to its valley walls since Neolithic times. Its mountainous geography, amid the Iblei Mountains in southeastern Sicily, meant that when rebuilding the town in the 18th century, city planners had to diverge from the ideal Baroque town plan, a grid plan dotted with piazzas. Instead, the new buildings were spread over the upper (Alta) and lower (Bassa) parts of town, making for a very picturesque townscape. In the process, attention was lavished on individual architectural expression.,The Cathedral of San Giorgio is the ultimate in religious architectural expression. As I approach from Modica Bassa and climb the 250 steps to Modica Alta, the church’s facade soars upward in front of me. Despite the stairs, I am like a bee to honey, mesmerized by its honey-colored stone and intricate carvings.,The climb is interrupted by a road (the main road zigzagging down toward Bassa), and the pause gives me a moment to take in the full effect of San Giorgio’s 18th century opulence. The undulating lines of its façade make the cathedral seem to pulsate. Its sculptural mass culminates in an open stonework belfry, a feature characteristic of Sicilian Baroque. The splendor of the church’s exterior is matched inside by swirling gold and pastel embellishments.,Looping around the back of San Giorgio and through a warren of steep and tiny streets, I ascend farther into Alta, to Modica’s highest point, the Castle of the Counts. The medieval castle was built by the counts who ruled the region. Reduced to ruins after the earthquake and abandoned, it was topped off with a giant clock in the 18th century.,The climb is worth it for the best full-circle views of the Lego-like housing blocks clinging to the surrounding slopes and punctuated intermittently by Baroque outbursts. Corso Umberto I, a boulevard below that’s flanked by shops and businesses, was once the setting of a river. After the flood of 1902, the river was paved over and bridges striped away to expand and further urbanize Modica Bassa.,The boulevard is where the traditional Italian evening stroll, known as the passegiatta, takes place. Dressed to the nines, with extended family in tow and posing at the gelateria (ice cream shop) is what a Saturday night is all about here. Trattorias (snack shops) also serve the crowds, and the ones in Modica make a particular local specialty: scacce, a light pastry dough, folded over ingredients such as tomato sauce and eggplant. It’s tasty and an excellent energy boost.,Even on Bassa streets, there’s climbing to be done. Supported by a typically Baroque flight of stairs, the church of San Pietro is one of the finest buildings lining the boulevard. The 12 aspostles flank the stairs rising to the entrance. The interior is even more striking than San Giorgio’s, with its gold work, luminescent whites and bold, royal blue accents.,The churches of San Pietro and San Giorgio not only compete in magnificence, but the two congregations have for centuries rivaled to claim their saint as Modica’s official patron saint. (Each town in Italy names and honors a special saintly protector.),Around the time of the earthquake, San Pietro’s community was lobbying with some success for Saint Peter, until San Giorgio’s priest asserted Saint George’s superiority, and promptly excommunicated the community that thought otherwise.,While both communities learned to live with the differences of opinion, certain buildings in Modica Alta were etched with the words: Limite delle due Matrici, meaning community limits. The annual saint’s day parades required a strict separation of communities to avoid skirmishes.,Modica was a powerful political and religious base during the Baroque period, making it an attractive source of artistic patronage. The numerous churches and monasteries, nearly all restored and well maintained, are a contrast to the many urban villas in shambles along the sloping streets of Alta. Despite their state, empty and forlorn, the abandoned palazzi are signposted with their century of origin and original patron.,In the 15th century, the Cabrera family was among the wealthiest. Their personal wealth made Modica the richest city of southeastern Sicily.,They owned land in South America, which ensured an early import of the cacao bean to Modica. Directly from Aztec recipes to the Modican kitchen, chocolate was brought here and used to make a specialty of the region. Besides being used in delicious, albeit grainy, chocolate bars, cacao is mixed with minced meat to form a turnover-like pastry called mpanatigghi that melts away like mousse in the mouth.,The local cheese, caciocavallo, is a much less subtle tasting experience. I came to call it “squeaky cheese” because of its squeakiness when chewed. Its taste ranges from creamy to peppery. The cheese is served as an anti pasto (appetizer) in restaurants here.,Most restaurants in Modica are home-style kitchens. This is particularly true of Modica Alta, which is less commercial than Bassa, and more residential. The tables at Hosteria San Benedetto, a small restaurant, have a view of the family dining room next to the kitchen.,In my conversational Italian I comment on how beautiful Modica is to the chef’s elderly mother, who’s seated at the family table.,She nods and agrees, “It’s a paradiso, except for all the steps.”,If You Go,Sicily Tourism,www.sicilytourist.net,Italian Tourist Board,www.italiantourism.com,Read one traveler’s account of teaching English in Dharamsala, India.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Perhaps you’re thinking about doing a stint as a volunteer English teacher abroad? And maybe you’re considering India as a destination?,If so, I’d like to share my recent experience with you working as a volunteer in the lively town of Dharamsala, which abounds with local Indians, Tibetan refugees and global tourists, and is also the home of His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama. ,First, a little about me and what brought me to the highlands of India. I’d been sort of sitting around the US not doing much post-pandemic, and after a while I had a strong desire to get back on the travel circuit (before that I’d been traveling, on and off, for several years), but I wasn’t sure if just going to Thailand, for example, and chilling out for an undetermined period would be the wisest use of my time. ,Thinking it might be better to do something more productive, I scoured ESL websites (such as Dave’s ESL Café and KOTESOL) for jobs abroad, eventually coming across one that sounded intriguing but wasn’t for pay – a position teaching English to Tibetan refugees for three months in Dharamsala. ,As I’d long been interested in Buddhism and had recently learned more about the tragic and disturbing history of Tibet (after reading a book called Man of Peace: The Illustrated Life Story of the Dalai Lama of Tibet), it seemed like a good opportunity as well as a way to possibly help other people. ,And though I was wary of taking a job halfway around the world that would return me no income, since the commitment was only for a few months, I already had a small savings, and India was reputed to be a pretty cheap place, I decided to go for it.,I haven’t regretted that decision in the least, one reason being that India is quite cheap. But besides that, by teaching as a volunteer I’ve gotten to know and have been able to assist a unique group of people, while also living in a remarkable place. ,McCleod Ganj, the town where I’m staying (also known as ‘Upper Dharamsala’), is located high up on the slope of a mountain and surrounded by trees and gorgeous views of the valley below, and it’s inhabited by a diverse array of people – Indians, Tibetans monks, nuns and laypeople, and tourists from all over the world. ,On the streets, you’ll find everything from Tibetan handicraft stalls and Indian, Tibetan and Italian restaurants to Buddhist monasteries, a plethora of hotels and even a cable-car station. ,Also, given the higher altitude, the weather here is milder than other parts of the country and the town is sometimes covered by a thick white fog that somehow adds to the mystery of the place. (However, if you happen to come here in the colder months be prepared – it can get chilly and the heating systems of many hotels are limited!).,Apart from the fascinating environment of Dharamsala (which also includes the opportunity to attend teachings by the Dalai Lama — something I’ve been fortunate to have done twice while here), the most rewarding aspect of being a volunteer teacher is surely the classes and the students themselves. ,All of my students are refugees from Tibet (about half are monks), and they all seem to have similarly harrowing backstories (such as having left their family behind with no clear way to return and see them again, etc.). ,However, in spite of this they’re generally kind, engaged and eager-to-learn – qualities that make my job easier. For me, it’s an opportunity to make new friends and learn more about their distinct culture, while simultaneously helping lessen whatever suffering they may experience in the future (as people without a country of their own) through teaching them useful language skills.  ,Additionally, the charity I work for is well-organized and supportive, supplying textbooks for the classes and guidelines about what to teach, as well as a free lunch every day to its employees. It also periodically organizes day trips and picnics for the staff so that we can get to know each other and the area better. ,About the expense of living here – like I mentioned – by US standards, I’m not paying a lot on a day-to-day basis. For instance, my hotel room (which has a fairly comfortable mattress, a desk, a quasi-kitchen area and a balcony, as well as restaurant service, Wi-Fi and free cleaning, etc.) costs me only about $11 per night., And while that’s definitely an affordable rate (for me), if you’re on an even tighter budget there are other options – I’ve seen multiple rooms here available from about $70 to $120 per month, but with a more spartan interior and less amenities. ,In terms of food, I usually shell out $5 dollars or less on (decent) meals at restaurants, while the free lunch served by the charity I work for lowers my food bill even further. (Side note: Though I did have some stomach issues when I arrived – no doubt related to the food and water – they largely disappeared after a week or so as my digestive system got used to the environment.) ,Also, as there isn’t much of a party scene here (as far as I can tell), and I don’t always have a lot to do socially, I don’t spend much money on other things.  ,And one of the best parts of being a volunteer English teacher? It’s the flip side of not getting paid – your stay is flexible. In other words, if you’re unable to commit to an entire three-month session, it’s OK to leave a little early (as I’ll be doing). ,Obviously, you’d have to clear this with the school before you start, and generally you’ll be expected to commit for at least one month to give the students some classroom stability. ,In conclusion, if you’re thinking about volunteering to teach abroad in some ‘exotic’ place but are hesitant about taking the plunge, I’d say go for it. ,Of course, before you decide to do anything you should do some research about the available options and plan your stay properly, but all that’s required for that is some motivation and access to the internet. ,Afterward – who knows? – you may find yourself on a plane bound for a place you never thought you’d go, to meet people you never thought you’d see. In other words, you’ll be embarking on a genuine adventure, and you’ll get to help other people in the bargain!  ,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Christopher Heise grew up in the USA, but he’s spent the past 15 years or so traveling and working abroad. He’s taught ESL, either as a paid employee or volunteer, in Germany, Venezuela, Taiwan and India, and he once had the surreal experience of celebrating his birthday on a different continent for four consecutive years. Also a freelance writer and editor, his work has been published in Indie Shaman, The Traveller Trails and other magazines. ,Hi Kathy,
OK that’s good to know. Thanks for reading and for your feedback!,It sounds like a great mix of discovery and personal fulfilment. Thanks for the informative article!,Sure man. Glad you enjoyed it!,Terrific insight into a world most will not witness. Great reading!,Christopher, this is so interesting to read and really informs about your interest and dedication to your students. I admire your willingness in reaching out to serve a diverse community, providing important skills. If you ever get to Sri Lanka, I have met a few women who do something like this in Columbo through the international Girls Friendly Society in that town. Kathy T,OK, thanks!,From breathtaking architecture to cultural heritage, natural beauty and nightlight, Europe has it all. Here are 6 top destinations in Europe to visit.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,With its magnificent squares, historic old towns and medieval fortresses, Europe is home to many top destinations. Pulsing cities with a vibrant nightlife and breathtaking architecture, as well as natural beauty, offer much more than you can imagine.,You’ll discover rich cultural and historical sights in Italy and be enthralled with places like the Louvre in Paris, France. You can cruise through the islands of Croatia or enjoy the nightlife in Madrid. ,A trip to Europe is rewarding year-round, with Christmas markets in December and vibrant autumn colors in the fall. You’ll also find great summer destinations in Europe, with amazing beaches like those in Greece and Spain. ,So where do you want to go in Europe? ,There are only a few countries where you can see as many cultural and historical sights as in Italy. Museums, monuments, squares and buildings that date back to Roman times are trendy tourist destinations.,You can visit beautiful cities in the north such as Verona, Genoa, Bologna, and Lakes Como and Garda. Also, if you like outdoor activities, you will admire the Dolomites and the Alps. There are also excellent ski resorts, such as Val Gardena, Cortina d’Ampezoo, and Sestriere.,Rome is the capital of Italy, known worldwide for the Colosseum, where gladiator fights took place a long time ago. In this city, you can see the incredibly beautiful St. Peter’s Basilica and Trevi Fountain with elegant sculptures. Be sure to visit one of the many museums.,Venice is a unique city, intersected by canals through which many boats navigate, some filled with tourists and some also with locals who use the vessels as the main mode of transportation.,Among the places worth visiting are St. Mark’s Basilica, St. Mark’s Square and the Rialto Bridge, as well as the small island of San Giorgio Maggiore with churches and monasteries.,Florence is another fantastic place and one of the most famous Italian cultural destinations, with many prominent historical sights. It is known for Florence Cathedral (the Duomo), the old Ponte Vecchio bridge, as well as the Uffizi Gallery, a sprawling art museum that features works by Da Vinci, Titian and Botticelli.,Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea, located in the south of Italy. There you can find exciting places like Palermo and Catania.,Sardinia is another Italian Mediterranean island. It is known for its turquoise beaches on the Stintino Peninsula, luxury resorts in Porto Cervo, and numerous boutique hotels. The best way to explore Sardinia is to rent a car.,Puglia is a less-touristy destination, where you can find excellent cuisine, stunning cathedrals and ancient castles.  ,Explore the Dolomites with this Full Day Tour by Car.,The Croatian capital Zagreb is known for its incredible Christmas Advent every December, for the Museum of Broken Relationships and St. Mark’s Church. Plitvice Lake, Mljet and Brijuni national parks will dazzle you. But what attracts the most tourists to Croatia is its beautiful Adriatic coast.,You can explore the coastline cities of Split, Zadar, Rijeka and Rovinj, as well as the islands of Hvar, Korcula and Brac. On Brac you can find one of the most photogenic beaches Golden Horn, and in Split you can visit Diocletian’s Palace. On Hvar you will find top restaurants with seafood.,Dubrovnik is one of the best vacation destinations in Europe. The Adriatic town has been featured in scenes from the TV series “Game of Thrones.”,Take a walk through the Stradun pedestrian zone, explore the Old Town and the Lovrijenac Fortress. If you use the Dubrovnik cable car and go to Srd Hill, you will have a breathtaking view of the entire city, the surrounding islands and the Adriatic Sea. ,Explore beautiful views of Croatia with this Split Walking Tour.,Spain has a great climate, so if you love the sea and beaches, you will be delighted with this country. Ibiza and Mallorca are undoubtedly the most famous Spanish summer destinations. Tenerife and the Canary Islands, although thousands of miles from mainland Spain, are also worth a visit.,One of the most-visited tourist sites in Spain is the Alhambra Palace. It dates to the 9th century, and today is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Due to the limited number of tickets for touring this complex, it would be good idea to buy tickets online before arrival.,After visiting the Alhambra, you can explore Granada. Here you can find excellent tapas, which are cold or hot appetizers in Spanish cuisine.,Spain has several beautiful cities that are worth visiting, like Seville, Bilbao, Valencia and Malaga. But the most-visited Spanish cities are the capital Madrid and fantastic Barcelona.,Madrid is known for its art museums and historical sights, including the Prado museum and the National Archaeological Museum. You can also visit the legendary Santiago Bernabeu stadium, the Royal Palace and the famous square Plaza Mayor. Near Prado museum is Retiro Park, with the oldest tree in Madrid.,Barcelona is one of the must-visit cities in the world. Gaudí’s architecture marked Barcelona, so the Sagrada Familia, Casa Mila and Casa Batllo are recognized worldwide. You also should visit one of the largest football stadiums in the world, Camp Nou, the beautiful Park Guell and the Museum of the History of Barcelona.,There are several museums in the Montjuic district, including museums of archeology and ethnology. Also, the Magic Fountain is especially attractive in the evening because of the musical light experience.,Barcelona also has several Michelin-starred restaurants, where you can eat international food. Snack bars are also trendy, so Barcelona will not let you down if you enjoy great food. ,Explore Alhambra with this Nasrid Palaces Tour. ,The Portuguese capital Lisbon is a fascinating city, whose trademarks are Belem Tower and St. George’s Castle. Get to know the city better by taking the famous Tram 28 tram line.,Don’t miss the opportunity to walk through the Alfama district, which has a large number of historic buildings and cathedrals. Also, you can visit the Monastery of Jeronimos, one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites.,Porto is the second-largest city in Portugal. In the city center, you can see baroque churches and walls of the medieval town. ,The Church of Sao Francisco is the last gothic monument in Porto, and near it is the beautiful Palacio da Bolsa. Visit the Casa de Musica concert hall, the Soares dos Reis National Museum and Matosinhos Beach.,If you enjoy the waves, Ericeira is an excellent place for surfing. On the other hand, the mountainous area of Serra da Estrela is a great place for hiking.,You can also visit Coimbra, a university town with numerous ruins from the Roman era, as well as cities of Braga and Guimaraes. The island of Madeira is one of the most beautiful places in Portugal, although several hundred miles from the mainland. ,Explore Lisbon with this Monastery Admission Ticket.,Medieval town Rothenburg in Germany’s Bavaria area is one of the most romantic destinations in Europe, and it can be a perfect getaway for couples. This beautiful country also has several excellent places for hiking lovers, like the Black Forest and King’s Lake, as well as the Bavarian Alps.,In the south of the country is Neuschwanstein Castle, which attracts more than a million visitors every year and was the inspiration for the Sleeping Beauty Castle at Disney theme parks.,German spa Baden-Baden is known worldwide, and gorgeous Cologne Cathedral is another popular tourist spot in Germany. You can explore charming cities around the country, such as Hamburg, Dresden and Bamberg.,Berlin is the capital of Germany. In this vibrant city you can visit world-class museums and galleries, large Christmas markets every winter, and the ruins of the Berlin Wall, a significant symbol from the last century.,For beer lovers, Munich is an excellent place because of Oktoberfest, a two-week beer paradise. Munich is known for the famous car brand BMW and also Bayern, one of the best football (soccer) clubs in Europe.,In this fantastic city, you can visit the main square Marienplatz, St. Peter’s Church from the 14th century, a lovely English garden and Nymphenburg Palace. ,Visit Neuschwanstein & Linderhof Castle on this Full Day Trip from Munich.,Greece hosts some of the best destinations for summer lovers in Europe. Santorini is one of the most famous Greek islands, and also one of the top spots from the luxury travelers’ bucket lists.  ,There are plenty of great vacation destinations like Mykonos, Rhodes, Zakynthos, Corfu and the Halkidiki peninsula. Crete, Naxos and Lemnos are some of the best Greek islands for foodies, where you can taste the best local wines, cheeses and special dishes. ,You will be delighted with Meteora monasteries in the spectacular cliffs in central Greece. In Athens, you can explore some of the most famous historical sights, like the Acropolis and Parthenon. Also, don’t forget to feel the vibe of the Athens Riviera.,Thessaloniki is the second-largest Greek city, situated on the coast of the Aegean Sea. There you can find many Roman monuments, and explore the White Tower and Byzantine museum.,Explore Athens with this ticket to the Acropolis and 6 Archaeological Sites. ,You can discover some of Europe’s most beautiful corners by exploring the natural beauties of Iceland with multi-days tours from the capital Reykjavik, or the Alps hiking trails in Switzerland. Ireland and Scotland are exciting destinations with stunning nature and impressive cities like Dublin, Glasgow and Edinburgh.,City tours are trendy. Cities like Amsterdam in the Netherlands, Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic, and London in the UK are among top-rated European destinations for urban travelers. ,However, Europe can offer you much more than well-known destinations. For example, Bruges in Belgium will charm you with its canals and cobblestone streets.,Romania hides Bran Castle, near the city of Brasov, which is considered the home of Bram Stoker’s Count Vlad Dracula. Krakow used to be the royal capital, and today this city in Poland is known for its stunning architecture.,Choose a time and a place, book a plane ticket and explore the bounty of diversity that Europe offers.,Wondering where you can find the perfect vacation destination with a western flair? Look no further. Here are 7 reasons to visit Phoenix, Arizona.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece. ,It’s true, Phoenix in the summertime can be scorching hot. But, during the spring, fall and winter, Phoenix, Arizona is a great place to visit. ,There’s plenty to do outside, including hiking, biking and golfing. In addition, Phoenix has several unique attractions that you won’t find anywhere else in the world. For example, the Musical Instrument Museum and the Desert Botanical Garden. ,Then there’s Old Town Scottsdale which is a destination on its own. Here, you’ll find boutique shops, great restaurants, clubs and cafes…all with a Southwestern flair. ,So, let’s get started with seven reasons to visit Phoenix, Arizona.,The Musical Instrument Museum of Phoenix is proud to have an interactive and unique approach to its visitors. The museum has become a part of the fabric of the city. ,It is located in a beautifully designed large building in downtown Phoenix and general admission for non-members adults is $20.,The museum has over 8,000 musical instruments in their collection from more than 200 world countries. Instruments include antique guitars, trumpets, violins, flutes, harps, marimbas and so much more.,Visitors can learn about the history of musical instruments and can even take part in music classes for children and adults. The mission of the museum is to inspire viewers to learn more about music and musical instruments from all over the world. ,The Desert Botanical Garden (DBG) is an urban oasis amid the Phoenix Sonoran Desert. The DBG is home to over 50,000 plants from all over the world and has one of the largest collections of cacti and succulents in the US.,The best times to visit are in the spring and fall. During these cooler seasons, it’s a great place to do some walking and there are plenty of paths to choose from.,There are also gardens to explore, like the Cactus Flower Garden, Desert Lily Garden, and the Hummingbird Garden (filled with plants that hummingbirds love). ,Additionally, if you’re lucky, you might also spot some of the garden’s wild residents. A visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens is a must for nature lovers!,If you’re not familiar with the name Frank Lloyd Wright, you should be. Wright, along with Le Corbusier, Mies van der Rohe, and Walter Gropius, is one of the four giants of 20th century architecture.,But, Wright was also an important figure in the world of the arts, design, and education. In 1932, he founded the Taliesin Fellowship, an apprenticeship program. ,Later, he designed buildings for the campus of the Arizona State College in Tempe. This would later become Arizona State University.,Furthermore, Taliesin West is a UNESCO World Heritage site and a National Historic Landmark. And, this was the architect’s home and laboratory where he mentored students. ,Reservations for this unique site are highly recommended. ,Phoenix is a city with a lot of great museums. One of the best is the Phoenix Museum of Art.,Located in the heart of downtown, the Phoenix Museum of Art is a hidden gem that’s worth visiting. General admission for adults is $23, and the museum features an impressive collection of historical and present-day art from around the world. ,You’ll find collections of Asian art, contemporary art and even fashion design. Or, if you are in the mood for something else, they have collections of Latin American and modern art as well. ,This Museum also offers various art engagement programs. The Phoenix Museum of Art is a must-visit for anyone looking to get their art fix.,Phoenix is one of the best places in the world to live if you love the outdoors. Plus, if you like to spend your time in the sun, you’ll definitely get your fill. ,There are hiking trails, mountains, deserts, and lakes all within a short driving distance from Phoenix. Arizona is one of the most scenic places in the world and you can spend your days exploring all the natural wonders it has to offer.,Certainly, try out South Mountain Park. It’s located in south Phoenix and there are tons of trails perfect for any skill level. It’s a great way to get out, stay fit and explore. Likewise, check out Camelback Mountain.,Also, there are many golf courses in and around Phoenix. And, if you are looking for family activities, try a pool or waterpark. ,The outdoors activities in Arizona, specifically Phoenix are endless. Whether you’re looking for a strenuous adventure or something a little more leisurely you will find it here.,The Heard Museum is a great place to visit if you’re looking for an Indigenous art experience. It’s a world-class museum with a diverse collection of art and artifacts from around the world. ,The museum was founded in 1929 and they have an extensive Native American collection. And, there are always new exhibits to check out.,General admission is $17 for adults. Indigenous residents get in free when they show a Tribal ID. Visit the Heard Museum and spend the day exploring Native American history and culture.,Old Town Scottsdale is a walkable area with boutiques, art and a western aesthetic. It’s a great place to spend the day walking around and shopping.,The shops in Roosevelt Row are full of unique art, accessories and crafts. There are also dozens of designer stores along Camelback Road, Scottsdale Road, and a host of other main streets. ,This area also has plenty of shops and restaurants for gift shopping. You can also shop for books, home decor and clothes. If you’re a tourist or just visiting the area, you’ll need to know what to do with all your free time. Old Town Scottsdale is the place to be.,Bring the Expandable Carry-On Suitcase from AWAY Travel Bags and be sure you have enough room to take home your favorite art or gifts from Phoenix. This travel bag is beloved because it is durable, compactable, gentle on items and looks great. Check out this suitcase and more of their best-selling travel bags here.,There’s so much to do and see in Phoenix, it would take you a whole year to see everything.,Check out our guide to the best local attractions here and find out everything you need to know about visiting Phoenix.,Ready to explore the desert beauty on a trip to Phoenix, Arizona? Start planning your trip to Phoenix with hotel and VRBO reservations, local restaurant reviews, insider tips on the best places to see in Arizona and more through Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,When you are ready to book your flight to Phoenix, check out CheapOair for the best flight deals and promo codes. You can also rent a car and find more accommodations, all found here.,Make the trip even more fun by booking expert-guided tours and unique activities in Phoenix through GetYourGuide. Find more tours, tickets and adventures here.,Unique vintages of the region draw thirsty visitors to this charming little town nestled in the phenomenal Melnik Pyramids.,To call the atmosphere in the wine-tasting room elegant would be a bit of an exaggeration.Instead of a table, my wife and I are seated around an empty wine barrel draped with a hand-embroidered red tablecloth.The seats themselves are nothing more than tall chunks of log, which have been cleaned and polished. The walls and floor are rough stone, and besides the half dozen tables the room is empty except for more wine barrels, full ones this time, lining one wall in an orderly row.,Although a few electric lamps have been attached to the walls, they are turned off.  The only light source is a weak stream of sunlight filtering in through the cave opening.I did mention that we were sitting in a cave, didn’t I?,On a hot summer day in Bulgaria it can be quite pleasant to while away an hour or so inside a cool, shady cave with a plate of spicy dried sausages on the table and a glass of robust red wine in hand.,My introduction to the town of Melnik is just beginning, and so far I am hooked.,As the husband of a Bulgarian wife, I’ve traveled frequently to the country over the past six years. I’m well acquainted with its culture and cuisine, which closely resembles that of Greece, although Bulgarians proudly claim authorship of every delicious recipe, which we Americans think of as Greek.,I’ve also become aware of how affordably an American can travel in Bulgaria since the euro isn’t used there and the exchange rate of the local lev weighs heavily in our favor. My first visit to Melnik, however, is a totally new experience.,From the capital city of Sofia, Melnik can easily be reached by a combination of trains and buses.  My wife and I chose to rent a car instead to savor the beautiful landscape at our own pace. As we drove south I was overwhelmed by the wide variety of blossoming trees we passed.,Cherries, peaches, apricots, figs and almonds all flashed by in a colorful blur, their intoxicating smell drifting in through our open windows. When faded signs for Melnik appeared we exited the main road and found ourselves in a new terrain dominated by rocky crags and looming limestone cliffs. Seven miles of twisting, turning asphalt later we finally arrived in Bulgaria’s smallest town.,Melnik lies just 20 miles from the Greek border, a sparsely populated area full of bright sunshine and rich, humid air. Thracians were the first to settle in the region, followed by Romans and then Slavs. It was the Slavs who gave the town its present name, from the ancient Slavonic word mel, which means chalk or white clay.,At one point Melnik was a bustling trade center with a population over 20,000, but a series of economic crises followed by the turbulent Balkan War of 1913 drastically reduced that number, and today there are just under 400 full-time residents.,Melnik is a destination for those wanting to get away from crowds, traffic and buildings taller than two stories. Its lone street is a 450-yard stretch of cobblestones shaped like a lazy S, surrounded on both sides by bright white one- and two-story buildings with red clay tile roofs.,Many of these establishments are either wine shops or restaurants, with large signs and samples of their goods displayed on the sidewalk.  Prices are typical of Bulgaria, with a double room in a hotel averaging US $40 and a fancy dinner for two costing no more than US $15.,The town rests in a bowl surrounded on all sides by pale cliffs and odd-shaped sandstone cones, the so-called “Melnik Pyramids,” which are considered one of the most impressive natural phenomena in the country.,The surrounding hills are a hiker’s paradise and ancient monasteries and other historical treasures lie nestled among the trees, just waiting to be discovered.,While the scenery may be breathtaking, it’s wine that draws thirsty visitors to this tiny town. The region now known as Bulgaria has been active in wine production for nearly 8,000 years – Homer mentions wines from the area in bothThe Iliad and The Odyssey – and Melnik itself has been a major production center since 1346.,While most Americans are unfamiliar with these vintages, Bulgarian wine has been widely exported to countries such as Germany, Denmark and the United Kingdom for decades.,In fact, up until 1990 Bulgaria was one of the largest exporters of bottled wines in the world, second only to France, with wines from Melnik reigning supreme among connoisseurs. Winston Churchill  declared Melnik wines to be his personal favorite, ordering them by the barrel to ensure that he always had plenty on hand.,Seventy-five percent of the grapes grown in the region are the native Broad-leaved Vine of Melnikvariety, sometimes shortened to just Melnik. The lands surrounding the town are the only place in the world this variety is grown; attempts to transplant the grape to other countries have continually failed.,The wine it produces is dense and bold, the perfect accompaniment to Bulgaria’s spicy meat dishes and hearty salads.,Less wine is being exported from the region these days, but that simply gives wine lovers an excuse to journey to Melnik and enjoy its fine wines in their native surroundings. Most of the wineries offer tasting rooms, some of them located in the same caves where the wine is stored.,This is the type of experience my wife and I enjoyed, paying only 25 cents per glass for wine straight out of the barrel. When we tell our waiter that we want to buy three bottles to take with us, they are bottled, corked and labeled right before our eyes.,On our last night in town, my wife and I throw open the shutters of our hotel window to reveal stark white cliffs bathed in moonlight, looming like tall ghosts above the red tile roofs of the town. The evening is comfortably warm, and we decide to take a pre-dinner stroll to boost our appetites.,Choosing a restaurant is difficult, but we finally stop at a small tavern with outdoor tables set up on a terrace overlooking a courtyard.,Dinner consists of salad, stuffed grape leaves and chuski byurek, long red peppers filled with cheese and eggs, rolled in breadcrumbs then fried to a golden brown.  We wash everything down with local wine served in a clay pitcher, as cool as if it had just been delivered from one of the nearby hillside caves.,Thoughts of traveling back to civilization can wait until morning. This particular evening is reserved exclusively for fresh air, a full moon and wine steeped in thousands of years of history.,If You Go,Bulgaria Travel,www.BulgariaTravel.org,Bulgaria Travel and Tourism,www.BulgarianTourism.com,Ty Treadwell’s work has appeared in Arthur Frommer’s Budget Travel, Skylights, Voyaging, The Writer and many other magazines.  He also teaches online classes in freelance writing and travel writing.  For more information, visit www.tytreadwell.com., ,Jeju-do Island’s real life “mermaids” have a unique place in local Korean culture. Read about their fascinating story, here.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Off the shores of Jeju-do (Cheju Island), nowhere close to the ancient isle of Capri in the Tyrrhenian Sea, you might hear a strange, distant sound echoing off the seaside cliffs of Songsan (Sunrise Peak).,Odysseus, who might have heard similar alluring sounds as he rapidly plugged his mates’ ears with wax, knew that the peculiar melody meant certain death if the ship approached too close. However, unlike Odysseus, you won’t have to tie yourself to the mast to witness these sirens of Asia — the haenyo divers of Jeju.,Hendrick Hamel, a Dutch sailor, published a journal describing his and his mates’ 13-year detainment on Jeju-do after wrecking their yacht, the Sperwer, in 1653. Even then, the wonder of the haenyo captured and amazed these western onlookers, who, upon hearing their strange cries, described the even stranger ladies as mermaids of the island.,With an area of about 700 square miles (1,126 sq km), Jeju-do lies 60 miles (100 km) southwest of South Korea. Along with its surrounding isles, Jeju is home to these fascinating female sea divers.,The haenyos dive several times a month, when the tides are favorable, to collect sea treasures: abalone, sea urchins, octopi, seaweed and shellfish. Their labors were and still are an important source of income for their families; the men historically couldn’t dive, due to taxation laws on male labor.,One can instantly feel the differences between this island and the mainland, especially the historical importance of women. The women divers made the money, and therefore controlled the commerce.,Women were not only the breadwinners, but they created better lives for their families by financing the building of houses and paying for their children’s educations. While men took on the duties of farm and family, the women divers farmed the sea.,Strangely, in Confucian Asia, this may have been the only place where the birth of a baby girl was celebrated more than a boy’s, as a female birth meant more wealth for a haenyo family.,Other stories of female goddesses, giants and spiritual healers are rooted in the island’s folklore. Such autonomy is also seen at the political level, as Jeju is the only island of South Korea not controlled by the mainland, having its own provincial government.,Even in bustling Jeju City, the haenyo women continue their dives. Their blue-and-white sea shack stands just outside the recently constructed E-Mart supermarket, and just before the decorated sea wall with steps leading down toward the sea.,Here, they gather after an industrious day. As they unload their full nets, you can’t help but notice that the women are built like the sea, but not as one might first imagine.,They are not toned as triathletes. They are short, slightly rounded in the belly, and solid. Their arms are steady, as if a steel rod has replaced the bone. The sea has given them skinny legs, limber joints and strong, cracked hands. Their wrinkled eyes show contentment, a feeling of accomplishment that observers will never feel.,Nowadays, they may earn anywhere from US $150 to more than US $200 a day. But the occupation comes with a price: Many on the island say the haenyo die young. They believe that only the women who dive can handle the extreme spiritual, mental and physical stress.,On the southern side of Jeju, beyond 6,398-foot (1,950 m) Mt. Hallasan, is a distinctly different district than the more metropolitan Jeju City. In Seogwipo-si, divers are commemorated in fading artwork that captures their profession. Sadly, generation after generation, there are fewer divers. They are a dying breed.,Through the 1930s and into the 1950s, there were still more than 30,000. Now, fewer than 6,000 remain, half of them more than 60 years old. And, according to governmental regulations, only divers’ daughters can officially inherit the arduous lifestyle.,Diving is considered taboo for men. These heiresses, however, are searching for different roles in a modern society, where tourism and business flourish.,“I’d rather do something easier, based on my education,” said one young lady who spoke perfect English and whose mother is a diver. “We see that it’s too hard on them. We have different things we can do.” Elderly divers, many well into their seventies and beyond, acknowledge they are the last of their kind.,Stocky divers totter in flippers toward the cavernous openings leading to stair steps into the dangerous sea, then plunge into the ice-blue water even in the roughest of weather. Their weatherworn faces and bodies show an insatiable urge to go just a little deeper, a little longer.,They frequently dive as deep as 45 feet (15 m). Every year there are women who never surface again. Swimming for hours, they submerge without scuba tanks. Using small, wooden tools, they pry their plunder loose. After one or two minutes, they emerge from the depths and throw their collectibles into a net bordered by white or yellow buoys.,The haenyo, like their ancestors before them, bob rapidly to the surface. Their thoraxes burn. Their lungs quake.,They give themselves to the sky as the sharp rocks echo the uncontrollable screeching of lungs grasping for life, gasping for another deep breath; a lungful that will take them yet again into the womb of the Earth — a place where the tide speaks and the haenyo alone are called.,If You Go,South Korea Tourism
www.tour2korea.com/,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: T.D. Hollowell,I read your article it is different from other article. I was shocked from your title “THE MERMAIDS (HAENYO) OF JEJU ISLAND, SOUTH KOREA”. But the article is such informative and I got some use full information. I also write a blog on Travel all over the World. But it has low information according to your article. Thanks for the Best Article.,A local reflects on Denver holidays of the past, as well as the lights and festivities that are brightening spirits this 2020 holiday season.,As a child growing up in Denver, my Christmas holidays were always extra special. You see, I have a birthday five days after Christmas, so the entire month of December has always been one long celebration for me. ,My parents never skimped on my big day, hosting my little friends and cousins for parties during grade school years. Then in high school through adulthood, my father treated us to elegant family dinners at the Palace Arms in the beautifully decorated Brown Palace Hotel. ,Lately, this stretch of time has been dubbed MileHighHolidays by the city, and I relish it as part of my birthday bash.,One momentous family occasion during that month of festivities was and still is the holiday light display at the City and County Building at 1437 Bannock St. The extravagant multi-color array at the historic neoclassical building never failed to amaze me as a wide-eyed child in Colorado and even now many, many years later. ,We would park (easy to do then) and walk around the grass to get a good look at the baby in the hay. Now, the city offers a two-hour Holiday Lights and Sights Walking Tour that begins here and visits many of Denver’s notable landmarks decked out in their holiday finest—the 16th Street Mall, Skyline Park, the D&F Clock Tower, Larimer Square—and ends at Union Station. The cost is $25 per person for the tour. COVID restrictions apply. ,Check the website for hours and safety measures.,Typically turned on the weekend after Thanksgiving, the lights this year began sparkling at the Grand Illumination on November 20, the Friday before Thanksgiving festivities, and will remain on until the end of the year. ,In years past, tradition had the lights shining until the end of the National Western Stock Show in mid-January. But due to the pandemic, that iconic event held annually since 1906 has been canceled for 2021.,The newest addition to the holiday lights in the city is the Mile High Tree introduced last year. Thanks to pixel-mapping technology, this gigantic art installation from Spain—the largest of its kind in North America—pairs holiday songs with dazzling lighting displays in a five-minute program that runs about every 15 minutes. ,Last year we went inside the massive tree that enveloped us in a dizzying display of color and sound. You can’t miss the 110-foot tall tree on the 16th Street Mall at Welton St. It’s free to go inside, but COVID restrictions apply. Check the website for hours and safety measures.,Other lighting displays include the fabulous Blossoms of Light at Denver Botanic Gardens with more than three decades of tradition (cost $18-21 non-members, $16-$19 members); and Zoo Lights at, where else, the zoo! ,More than a million lights twinkling around 80 acres celebrate the 30-year anniversary of this family holiday event. Cost ranges from $15-$25. COVID restrictions apply. Check the website for hours and safety measures.  ,This year Cherry Creek North has jumped into the shining spectacles with Winter Wonderland Light Walk, a 16-block interactive light art installation to go along with its new outdoor holiday market.,At Denver’s Union Station, a new Winter WonderLights show makes its debut. The festivities feature exciting animations, historic Denver photos, visual creations by local artists and more, all synced with holiday tunes. The show is free and runs through the end of the year.,Though it’s been around for 20 years, the free European-style Christkindl Market is now in a more spacious, open-air location along the center promenade of Civic Center Park. ,The expanded festival brings the holiday culture of Germany to Denver with artisan gifts and authentic German food and drink and music. Capacity is limited during open hours, and guests will be asked to queue at the entrances until space becomes available. Masks are required and contact tracing is implemented. Open through December 23.,The Dairy Block in LoDo morphs into a European village with an après ski vibe for a plethora of holiday activities. ,There’s holiday singing, chalk art installations, and the AF Holiday Market. One of the Parade of Lights floats is also on display from November 27-December 31. ,Pre-registration is required on the website, and capacity is limited to a maximum of 75 people at one time. ,Sadly, the pandemic has knocked out many of the city’s holiday traditions that we have enjoyed over the years. ,For example, 2020 would have been the 60th year for Colorado Ballet’s The Nutcracker, which was in the process of revamping all its costumes and sets for this year’s mainstage production. I was so looking forward to the holiday outing that has become legendary in my family. ,But, wait. . .there’s good news! Colorado Ballet is partnering with Rocky Mountain PBS to air The Nutcracker from Thanksgiving to Christmas Day (check the website for dates and times). ,Also available for online viewing only December 5-January 2 via ticketing is Cleo Parker Robinson Dance’s Granny Dances to a Holiday Drum. The 29-year seasonal favorite blends dance, live music, word and seasonal celebrations and customs from around the world.,The Parade of Lights has been reimagined for 2020. Instead of parading through downtown Denver, holiday floats sit at various places throughout the city for everyone to enjoy as festive pieces of art.  ,The Oxford Hotel’s Dolls Tea Party is another century-old event canceled due to COVID. My daughter, granddaughter and I loved seeing the Arvada Dance Center ballerinas perform while enjoying tea, elegant sandwiches, hot cocoa and sweet treats. It will be back next year.,Many more festivities in and around the city as well as virtual are making this season glow brighter than ever, bringing warmth and human kindness throughout our community. ,Visit MileHighHolidays for more outdoor activities, socially distanced markets and safe places to stay. This will be a holiday never to be forgotten!,Author’s Bio: Claudia Carbone is an award-winning travel writer and member of the Society of American Travel Writers, North American Travel Journalists Assoc. and Denver Woman’s Press Club. Currently, her work is published in The Denver Post, Colorado Expression Magazine, London Sunday Telegraph’s Hotelegraph, GoWorldTravel.com, RealFoodTraveler.com, MtnTown Magazine and The Villager Newspaper. Her blog Sleepin’ Around covers any place you can sleep on vacation.,A journey through La Guajira, Colombia is an opportunity to meet the Wayuu people, visit remote villages and see the colorful coastal desert.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,We were floating in the blue-green waters where Bahia Honda reaches the sea. It was 8 am on the third and last day of our trip to La Guajira Peninsula in Colombia. We had taken a motorboat around the bay to this beach where a jeep would pick us up and take us back to Rioacha.,As we left the bay the water changed from dark green to a more transparent shade. But the contrast with the dark yellow sand remained. We had seen pink flamingos, colorful birds, green mangroves and golden cliffs. The day was beginning and we were, once again, in awe. ,This is the land of the Wayuu people. A nomadic tribe who were never subjugated by the Spanish. They remain, to this day, proud, serious, borderline hostile but beautiful people. Just like their land. They make a living herding goats, weaving, fishing and, more recently, with tourism. ,We had departed from Rioacha, the capital of the La Guajira district. Four travelers and Fredy, our driver. After an hour on paved road we entered a dirt path following the train track that connects the coal mine of Cerrejón to Puerto Bolivar.,The lush green vegetation that characterized the north coast of Colombia up until Rioacha was replaced by yellow earth, occasional green cacti and grey, dry shrubs. ,After a while, the track became harder, full of holes and the landscape even more desolate. We seemed to be driving towards nowhere. We had reached the Upper Guajira desert. ,Proof of life came from the ropes stretched across the road. Children held them at each end. Fredy sounded the horn, slowed down, but tried not to stop. He explained that the children are making road stops to get candy, or money, from the tourists.,He had been instructed not to stop or give anything as that would only contribute to the problem. I nodded in agreement. Not only is it a commodification of visitors, but it is also not safe. Children have been hurt because they stand too close to the road holding the rope. ,La Guajira, Colombia is in a state of emergency from the lack of water and these children may need many things they cannot get because of the difficult life they lead here. Candy is not one of them. ,After 20 minutes we saw green in the horizon. The sea. There was absolutely no vegetation around, just a brownish plain under our wheels. As we approached, the car ran parallel to the water, a few meters away. The desert to our right, and the sea to our left. I had never been to a coastal desert before. It felt surreal. ,That night we would be sleeping in Cabo de la Vela. The village named after the nearby by cape was originally just a Wayuu fishing community. However, now it is a popular kitesurfing and beach destination.,It consists of a dozen houses on both sides of a dirt road that runs parallel to the seashore. The contour of the land forms a blue bay, with the cape at the end of it. ,Most of the companies operating in the area have connections to the Wayuu. It is in their rancherias that accommodation is provided. Options are traditional hammocks, the chinchorros, under a palm leaves rooftop, or in very simple cabanas made of yotojoro, the heart of a big local cactus.,There is no running water and electricity is provided by generators or solar panels. During our visit in November, there were almost no tourists, but December and January bring crowds of Colombian visitors. ,We dropped our backpacks at the rancheria and enjoyed a small rest from the bumpy three-hour ride. Then we drove away from the village to explore the surrounding area.,At the top of the cape, our hair was flying in all directions and our skin was sprayed with saltwater rising from the clash of waves against cliffs. All we could hear was the howling of the wind and the gushing of the sea.,I sat down, enjoying the brightness of the colors. Greenish-grey rocks sprinkled in rusty yellow, orangey-yellow sand, cyan blue sky, turquoise blue water and white foam waves. The strength and contrast of the colors were something that never ceased to amaze me. ,From the top of Pilon de Azucar, a 100m hillside, we could see the path we had taken in the morning and the whole of Upper Guajira beyond. Mountains in the distance, then miles of vastness.,The whole area of Cabo de la Vela, Jepira, in Wayuu, is sacred for its people. It represents the place where the spirit of the dead wander when they begin their journey to the unknown. ,Pilon de Azucar is one of the spots they pass by. On top of it is a statue of Our Lady of Fatima and behind it someone graffitied an eye. Old and new beliefs mingle in the wind. It seemed strangely appropriate. ,Dinner is included in the price of the tours. You can enjoy good fried fish or goat. We decided the extra 20000COP ($6 USD) for fresh lobster was worth the splurge.,One hour later we were cracking legs, sucking heads and laughing at our buttered fingers and lips. We were feeling full and happy under a sky full of stars. Lights went out at 9 pm and we sunk into our hammocks, cradled by the breeze and the rustling sound of the sea. ,I woke up to a pink sky. By the time I walked the 10 meters to the beach, it had gone from pink to orange and the sun was just over the horizon. Everything was tinted gold. The sea was a mirror, the trees were black silhouettes and pelicans flew by grazing the water. ,There were five or six people on the sand. We whispered good morning and sat down at different places, in silence, facing the sun. It is said the spirits who wander here can talk to us in our dreams. I don’t know what we all dreamt of that night, but it must have been good. ,The second day was spent making our way north across the Peninsula. First on a path surrounded by cactus, grey stones and dry grey bushes. Then crossing miles and miles of sandy, flat desert with nothing in sight but the undulating hot air. Unlike Cabo, there is no public transport and tourism is just beginning here. ,Sometimes we would see a couple of rancherias and Fredy would tell us the name of the village. They looked deserted, but every now and then people would pass by, walking or riding bicycles.,There were no cars in sight other than the occasional truck passing us. From my air-conditioned seat, I felt a knot in my throat passing by a teenager cycling with two large plastic containers on the back. “Água” Fredy pointed.,Water in this area is stored from the rain in big containers, but it hasn’t rained in many months. Drinking water comes in trucks from Rioacha, at very high prices. ,We reached Taroa beach at 2 pm. The jeep stopped at the base of the 60 meters dunes. We couldn’t see past the sand. It flew around and hit our skin like needles. From the top, the sea opened in front of us.,The dunes tumbled down straight into the water. We rolled and played around in the warm waves for an hour feeling, yet again, blessed to have such an incredible place all to ourselves. ,From there to Punta Gallinas, the northernmost point of South America, the road got even bumpier. There were rocks all over the path.,The point itself is a stretch of sand with an abandoned house, a white and red light post and a garden of cairns on the seashore. We stacked small stone contributions to one of the cairns and drove on. ,Our stay for the night was in a rancheria atop a cliff with Bahia Honda on one side and the sea on the other. A scenery of dark green water, golden yellow sand, green mangroves, cactus and shells in unlikely places, a testimony of different water levels.,A roaring wind never allowed for silence but relieved us from the scorching heat. That night the stars were even brighter. I sat by myself pondering on how lucky I was to be there.,I also wondered how the region would develop in terms of tourism and feared for its effects. I wished upon one of the shooting stars it wouldn’t ruin the beauty that had caught my breath so many times in so few days. ,Author Bio: Filipa is a Portuguese writer and travel leader. She loves the world but has a soft spot for Latin America and the Argentinian accent in particular. You can find her traveling, researching and volunteering on sustainable projects, and searching for stories about people and places that inspire change and empathy towards others.,The fight to preserve a piece of Welsh history is on. Take a closer look at this nearly forgotten language with a visit to this revitalized capital city.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,“Croeso i Cymru.”Without warning, the English on the road signs along M4, one of the UK’s main motorways, became the secondary language. Coincidentally (or not), it also started raining the first time I crossed the England/Wales border.,The misty rain transformed the dreary English countryside into a mythical Welsh wonderland filled with mountains and sheep, accompanied by an incomprehensible language intended to guide drivers through a new territory.,The translation of “Croeso i Cymru” is “Welcome to Wales,” written in one of the oldest surviving languages in Europe.,From a single road sign, it is evident there is a strong sense of “hireath” and “hwyl,” Welsh words for longing, passion and pride for one’s country. As I stroll along Queen Street, Cardiff’s pedestrian shopping center, there is an undeniable buzz in the air.,Just last year, the city celebrated its 50th birthday as Wales’ capital, and its centenary year as a city. The construction of modern high-rise buildings distracts me as I try to savor the white marble façade of Cardiff’s traditional architecture.,Youthful moms and trendy teens hunt for the latest London fashions at Top Shop and H&M. Tourists flock to the legendary Cardiff Castle for a dose of Welsh history and culture, while rugby enthusiasts pour out of the pub, stumbling toward the Jetsons-inspired Millennium Stadium.,Huddled in the corners are buskers and street musicians, aspiring to become the next Manic Street Preachers, Stereophonics and Goldie Lookin’ Chain — Welsh rockers and rappers who are defining the “Cool Cymru” movement.,Amid the chatter on Queen Street, I eavesdrop on conversations in English, Arabic and, increasingly, Welsh.,During centuries of British occupation in Wales, the use of the Welsh language was quelled, because it undermined the legitimacy of the British Empire. Recorded history shows the Welsh always felt they were different from their English brethren. In fact, the word “Cymry” denotes the Welsh as “foreign.”,Nevertheless, the Welsh language refused to die. The 17th century first standard Welsh Bible “saved” the language from possible extinction, while the coal-mining industry helped the Welsh language flourish and expand across the countryside during the Industrial Revolution. Welsh visionaries created the Plaid Cymru movement in 1925, thus creating the inaugural Welsh National Party to preserve a sense of “Welshness.”,Presently, activists are working to bring the language back to life. Several bilingual publications are in circulation throughout Wales, and S4C, Wales’ BBC affiliate, televises soap operas, newscasts and comedy programs in Welsh, sparking a renewed interest in preserving the Welsh language.,“The day S4C began broadcasting, back in 1982, was a historical and happy day for the Welsh language and its speakers,” says Nia Parry, a popular television presenter of S4C’s “Welsh in a Week” and “cariad@iaith” (“Love for the Language”). “It gave the language status and opened the door to normalizing its use across all domains.”,Currently, a new generation of children can read, speak and write in Welsh, and have obtained a higher level of fluency than their parents.,As a Welsh tutor for adults, Parry has played an integral role in this shift. She is currently a member of the Welsh Language Board, established in December 1993 under the jurisdiction of the Welsh Language Act.,“[The Welsh Language Board]’s main function is to promote and facilitate the use of the Welsh language,” Parry says. “The Board’s main aim is to make it easier for everyone to use Welsh in all walks of life, to increase people’s confidence in their ability to use the language, to encourage more people to speak, read or write it in new situations, and to pass on the language to their children.”,The popularity of Welsh has expanded beyond its traditional region of North Wales, with the Cardiff region gaining more and more Welsh speakers, as evident on Queen Street on a bustling Saturday afternoon.,“To me personally, the Welsh language is about my past, my present and my future,” Parry says. “It’s about identity and pride; it’s about belonging and having a sense of who we are. It’s about emotion and ‘calon’ (heart, love and affection).”,The growth of the Cardiff region is exploding beyond the downtown area. Cardiff Bay is reinventing itself as Wales’s political and cultural epicenter.,The futuristic architectural style of the Welsh Assembly Building is redefining the landscape along the waterfront, juxtaposed against the Pierhead Building, a traditional, red brick neo-gothic structure.,Completed in 2004, the Wales Millennium Centre is Cardiff’s answer to the Sydney Opera House. Cultural enthusiasts are awed by its stunning space, while residents lovingly refer to it as the “armadillo.”,Viewing itself as the gateway to Wales, Cardiff aspires to be its engine of growth. With a population of about 305,000, Cardiff is by far Wales’s largest city. Cardiff University attracts a diverse, international student body, including myself; I lived in Cardiff while writing a dissertation for my master’s degree.,Although my Welsh is limited to “Iechyd da,” (Cheers!) — which comes in handy at the pub — I had my fair share of Welsh culture during the time I lived there. As I wrote my dissertation, I snacked on Welsh cakes — a sweet and hearty snack filled with raisins, sprinkled with sugar and served with jam. Over the years, Welsh cakes filled up both coal miners and procrastinating graduate students alike.,Libraries gave us power. Then work came and made us free. What price now for a shallow piece of dignity.,The lyrics of the Manic Street Preachers’ epic anthem A Design for Life echoed through the corridors at Cardiff University’s graduation, along with a smattering of English and Welsh spoken all around me.,After the ceremony — half-conducted in Welsh, I may add — my friends and I basked in the sunshine at the Strawberries and Cream reception.,“Isn’t this ironic,” I commented to my friend Alice, who was born and raised in England, but has strong Welsh ties.,“What, the sunshine?” she replied sardonically. On average, it seems to rain in Wales about 300 days a year.,“Well, that … and the fact that we’re partaking in a British tradition,” I said, with a smile. “Isn’t this an act of treason? Eating strawberries and cream at a Welsh ceremony?”,In essence, my graduation ceremony from Cardiff University is like a microcosm of the modern-day Wales — cherishing a sense of decorum and tradition, while looking forward to the future with renewed optimism and a sense of cultural pride.,Great Post!!! I truly believe that there is much more to explore new places. The world has incredible beauty which makes us visit new places for sure.,Yeah bookmaking this wasnâ€™t a high risk determination outstanding post! .,Amidst the hustle and bustle of downtown Manila, Rizal Park is a tribute to one of the Philippines’ most influential leaders.,Manila, the capital and largest city in the Philippines, is a modern bustling metropolis in almost every respect.,In parts of the city, it seems that everywhere one looks, there’s a veritable sea of concrete, steel and glass towers.,In this urban jungle though, there is one major green space, located downtown on the edge of Manila Bay.,Rizal Park is a large rectangular space stretching 1,600 feet (500 m) long and 800 feet (250 m) wide. It extends from Roxas Boulevard (which runs parallel to Manila Bay) in the west to Taft Avenue in the east.,To the north of the park is the elegant green-roofed Manila Hotel and the Intramuros, the Old Spanish colonial part of Manila.,Across the street from Roxas Boulevard is another large open area, the Parade Ground. It adds to this open oasis in an otherwise crowded downtown core.,In past days, the park, also known as Luneta, was a place where the upper classes conducted their ritualistic evening promenades to see and be seen.,These days, the park attracts almost all types, from early morning joggers to aerobic and martial arts enthusiasts to families enjoying a day outing.,Vendors of all types are found throughout the park, hawking film, colorful balloons and various snacks, among other things.,In the evening, lovers, the young, and the young at heart, find both a suitably romantic setting and privacy in the parks confines.,There are quite a few attractions within the park and to fully explore and appreciate it all takes at least a day. At the eastern edge near Taft Avenue is a large three-dimensional map of the Philippines.,Just past this is a roller skating rink. North of the rink, the Museum of the Filipino People can be found. The National Library rests on the southern edge.,Past the museum on the North Side is the planetarium. It’s flanked by two enclosed gardens, one Japanese, the other Chinese. Both of these offer some seclusion for those seeking it.,The most striking thing about the park, however, is its namesake. José Rizal was a Filipino doctor, poet, scholar, and most of all, a patriot.,He was one of the leaders of the independence movement from Spain in the later half of the 19th century.,Unlike many of his predecessors who advocated revolution (there were some 100 revolts and rebellions prior to this), Rizal advocated peaceful means for independence.,The Spanish authorities arrested and imprisoned him for his actions, and on December 30, 1896, executed him by firing squad.,On the eve of his execution, Rizal penned the stirring poem “Mi Último Adiós” (“My Last Farewell”), a work detailing his love for his land, his people, and the desire to live free.,Rather than stopping the independence movement as authorities had hoped, it ensured that it would succeed, as more and more Filipinos joined the cause of independence and opposition to Spanish rule.,In 1898, with assistance from the United States, the Philippines achieved independence from Spain. It would take many more years and a few setbacks, but full independence was finally achieved in 1946.,At the western edge of the park near Avenue Roxas is the “Rizal Monument,” a 50-foot (15 m) high granite obelisk.,Several large panels flank the monument on which “Mi Último Adiós” has been written in English, Spanish and Tagalog (one of the major languages spoken in the Philippines and the basis for Filipino).,Filipino Marines in immaculate uniforms guard over this imposing monument.,North of the monument, near the Chinese Garden, is a small enclosed section. This is the actual site of Rizal’s execution. Larger-than-life dioramas show his final days in captivity and his death at the hands of his own countrymen.,The Spanish authorities used Filipino, and not Spanish soldiers, for his firing squad. As the diorama shows, Rizal’s last act of defiance was to face away from his executioners.,The statues in this park are more than a permanent tableau to this important page in Filipino history. They are used in regular sound and light shows that tell Rizal’s story.,Entrance to the Rizal Diorama is 10 pesos (US$ 0.18) and the times for the light and sound shows are posted at the ticket kiosk.,Exiting from this small and somber enclosure back into the park proper, one only has to look at the crowds of Filipinos enjoying themselves in simple daily pleasures to realize that a park like this really is a fitting memorial to this man.,Philippine Department of Tourism,www.tourism.gov.ph,Philippine Convention & Visitors Corporation,www.dotpcvc.gov.ph, ,Vancouver sets a high standard for accessibility: sidewalk dining, lift-equipped busses and roll-on ferry access is easy to find., ,Whenever I’m asked to name my favorite accessible vacation destinations, Vancouver consistently tops my list. This diverse city in southwest British Columbia, Canada, features some very accessible attractions and a great public transportation system. Factor in some very mild fall temperatures to this winning equation and you can see why Vancouver continues to nab the top slot on my favorites list.,Stanley Park is my traditional first stop whenever I visit Vancouver. This 1,000-acre (4.1 km²) urban park is filled with hemlock, fir and cedar trees, and wildlife, yet it’s located just minutes from the downtown core. A 5.5-mile (14.2 km) seawall provides an accessible promenade around the park, however, the best way to get a good overview of the park is to take a carriage ride.,Gerry O’Neil operates Stanley Park Horse-Drawn Tours, and thanks to his ingenuity, wheelchair-users can roll right onto his horse-drawn carriages.,“My father used a wheelchair in his later years, so I have an understanding of some of the barriers that must be overcome,” says O’Neil. “For this reason, I designed and built our own carriages to provide real wheelchair accessibility.”,And he did a great job, as his accessible carriages have ramp access and removable bench seats, so they can accommodate many wheelchair-users at the same time. If you’d prefer to transfer to a bench seat, you can stow your folding wheelchair behind the last row of seats.,These one-hour carriage tours depart every 20 to 30 minutes from the kiosk near the park’s Georgia Street entrance. Stanley Park Horse-Drawn Tours also operates a free lift-equipped shuttle bus from the downtown area. See their Website for pick-up locations and times.,Another must-see in Stanley Park is the top-rated Vancouver Aquarium. Access at the aquarium is good, with accessible parking, a level entry, accessible bathrooms, elevator access to the upper floors and good pathway access throughout the complex.,Plan on spending the whole day at the aquarium, and don’t miss the Wild Coast exhibit. This outdoor exhibit features boardwalk access to the habitats of Steller sea lions, Pacific white-sided dolphins, harbor seals and sea otters.,And for an even closer look at these hams, sign up for a Wild Coast trainer tour. These behind-the-scenes tours are wheelchair-accessible, although some of the ramps are a bit slick when they’re wet. Still, it’s doable with a little assistance, and I highly recommend it. Hand feeding a 250-pound Steller sea lion was truly the highlight of my day!,Shopping is a favorite pastime in Vancouver, for visitors and locals alike. Be sure and check out trendy Robson Street, between Hornby and Bute Streets, for an eclectic collection of clothing stores, restaurants, gift shops, lingerie shops and hair salons.,It’s also a great place to window shop or people watch. Access is good throughout the neighborhood, with wide sidewalks, curb cuts and level access to most stores.,Additionally, many of the restaurants offer sidewalk dining, which is a pleasant option in the early fall. For a change of pace, take the SeaBus ferry from downtown Vancouver over to Lonsdale Quay in North Vancouver. The ferry offers roll-on access, and it only takes 15 minutes to cross the bay.,At Lonsdale Quay, you’ll find a multi-level shopping complex with more than 90 shops and services, including a variety of boutiques, restaurants and even a fresh-produce market. There is level access to the complex and elevator access to the upper level. I always manage to find the coolest earrings there, so it’s definitely worth a stop.,There’s no shortage of accessible lodging options in Vancouver, and a good starting point for finding a property that best suits your needs is Accessible Vancouver. Published by the British Columbia Paraplegic Association, this guide includes access information about Vancouver’s tourist sites, restaurants, accommodations and transportation options. A free, downloadable PDF version of this guide is available on the British Columbia Paraplegic Association Website.,Getting around Vancouver is a snap, thanks to a plethora of accessible public transportation options. Accessible airport transfers in lift-equipped vans are available through the Vancouver Airporter. In the region surrounding the city of Vancouver, called the Lower Mainland, more than half of the buses are equipped with wheelchair lifts or lowered floors. Each accessible bus can carry two wheelchairs or scooters. Additionally, all SkyTrain stations have elevator access except Granville; however, a free, accessible, taxi shuttle service is available between the Granville and Burrard stations, courtesy of Vancouver Taxi.,If you’d prefer to drive yourself, accessible rental vans are available from the Canadian Paraplegic Association or from Freedom Rentals. And if you drive up from the United States to Vancouver, don’t forget to pack your handicapped parking placard, as it’s also valid in Canada.,If You Go,Stanley Park Horse-Drawn Tours
604-681-5115
www.stanleyparktours.com,Vancouver Aquarium
604-659-3474,Accessible Vancouver
British Columbia Paraplegic Association
www.bcpara.org,SkyTrain
604-953-3333
www.translink.bc.ca/transportation_services/skytrain,Canadian Paraplegic Association
604-324-3611
www.canparaplegic.org,Freedom Rentals
604-952-4499
www.wheelchairvanrentals.com,The Greater Vancouver Visitors and Convention Bureau
www.tourismvancouver.com,Sri Lanka is a fantastic holiday destination with plenty of things to see and do with warm weather all year but two distinct monsoon seasons that can bring heavy rains to certain regions. Check out when is best to go and what’s not to be missed on your Karambol Sri Lanka itinerary.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Sri Lanka is an island country located below India in South Asia. It’s the world’s 25th largest island and offers a diverse climate with distinctive monsoon seasons which affect different parts of the country at different times throughout the year. ,If you’re planning a Karambol Sri Lanka itinerary and want to visit when there’s the best weather, check out this handy guide on when is best to visit and what attractions are not to miss!,For a small island, Sri Lanka has an incredibly varied climate but is still considered a year-round holiday destination. There are two monsoonal seasons that affect different parts of the country at different times. ,Deciding when is best to visit Sri Lanka depends on where you plan to go. Choosing the right time will bring warmer weather with less chance of rain. Visiting during the monsoon season will likely result in your vacation time experiencing high rainfall, with many services closed. ,The ‘Maha’ monsoon mostly affects the north-eastern regions of the island from November to March. It can bring unpredictable high rainfall which can be tricky to plan vacation time for activities. From April to October, you’ll experience warm tropical weather with less chance of rainfall. ,If you’re planning to visit the south, the west coast or the Cultural Triangle, then between December and April is your best bet for good weather.,The southwest monsoon is far less severe and generally only affects the west coast, the south coast and some hill regions. Rainfall is considerably less from this monsoon season and much easier to plan your Karambol Sri Lanka itinerary. ,Of course, Sri Lanka has warm subtropical weather and is very rarely considered cold. Many travellers are happy to explore the entire island throughout the year.,While monsoons do occur and can bring heavy rains at certain times of the year, the coastal temperature rarely drops below 77°F (25°C) year-round. In the hill regions, expect cooler weather during storms or at night due to the higher altitude. ,From pristine soft white sand beaches that lap the tranquil blue waters to dense rainforests and UNESCO heritage cultural sites, Sri Lanka has it all! Depending on when you plan to visit, there are plenty of popular attractions scattered all over the country. ,Amongst the bustle and traffic chaos of the streets of Colombo are hidden some of the most striking and significant religious icons of Sri Lanka. Sri Lankan temples are an incredible sight to behold and are typically adorned with vibrant decoration and elaborately crafted interiors. ,Located on the serene Lake Beira, the Gangaramaya Temple is a striking Buddhist temple that features modern architecture and is considered of significant cultural significance. Another temple not to be missed is the oldest Hindu temple in the city: the Sri Kailawasanathan Swami Devasthanam Temple. ,Nestled beside Bogambara Lake, Kandy is a UNESCO world heritage site set by the central highlands amongst tea plantations and mountain ranges. The whole area is renowned for hiking and is also famed for its numerous sacred sights.,The Temple of the Tooth (Sri Dalada Maligawa) shrine is a Buddhist temple located within the Royal Palace grounds and houses the relic of the tooth of Buddha. ,Tea is Sri Lanka’s most prolific export and dates back to colonial times, where well-known tea manufacturers such as Sir Thomas Lipton began his tea legacy. Head to the Hill Country’s Haputale Mountains where you can visit the stunning terraced tea plantations and watch tea pickers collect the leaves that go into the world’s favorite brew. ,No matter where you plan to travel in Sri Lanka, the coast has an incredibly diverse selection of pristine beaches. On the south coast, Dikwella is a horseshoe-shaped bay with tranquil blue waters and offers a more relaxed vibe. ,Between Colombo and Galleto in the west is a popular choice for travellers, the Bentota lagoon. Here, miles of white sand beaches and calm blue seas are fringed by coconut palms that sway gently in the breeze.,For those looking to splurge, there are plenty of chic and upmarket hotel options with postcard-perfect views and plenty of watersports entertainment options. ,If you’re looking to get off the beaten track, head north of Trincomalee on the east coast to Uppuveli, where you’ll find unspoiled white-sand beaches dotted with some great accommodation options. Uppuveli is also an excellent place for scuba diving and whale watching. ,No matter when you plan your Karambol Sri Lanka itinerary, there are plenty of things to see and do throughout the country. While Sri Lanka has some distinct monsoon seasons, it’s really a year-round holiday location with temperatures rarely dipping below 77°F (25°C). From gorgeous beaches to cultural delights, there is something for everyone.,If you’re heading east or to the north, visit between April and October. If you’re heading into the hills region or venturing along the south and west coast, then from December to April will offer the best weather. ,Having been born and raised in Sri Lanka, I confirm what you say. Regardless of what kind of experience you seek, Sri Lanka has something for you throughout the year.,This South Pacific Island nation is a destination for landscape films such as the Lord of the Rings. Now, it’s for a bucket-list destination for many. Here are a few tips as you plan a future trip.,Movie-goers, even occasional ones, can not visit New Zealand without experiencing a keen sense of déjà vu. A haunting familiarity overcomes visitors as they explore the sharp-peaked mountains, braided rivers, primeval forests, volcanic mud-pots and plump, emerald hills dotted with snowy sheep.,They can’t help but looking for Hobbits.,This South Pacific Island nation is the setting for so many recent movies, it’s all but impossible not to recognize some of it. It is the venue for the entire “Lord of the Rings” trilogy, which has gained something of a cult following. “The Hobbit” (in two parts) has its premier in November 2012 in Wellington.,Peter Jackson, who produced these wildly successful cinematic feats, lives here in a lovely but modest (by Hollywood standards) house near the coast in Wellington. Ian Brodie, whose “Lord of the Rings Location Guidebook” sends tourists scurrying all over both North Island and South Island, tells this story about Jackson, his friend:,“Peter, then 18, was riding in a train across the North Island, reading ‘Rings’ and said to himself, ‘Wow, I’m looking at the pages of this book right out there.’ He realized then that New Zealand would be the perfect setting if it were made into a film.”,The mystery persists, however: How did “Rings’ author J.R.R. Tolkien so accurately depict New Zealand as Middle Earth when he had never visited the country?,“This IS Middle Earth,” says Robin Murphy, who works for Film New Zealand and served as the locations manager for the entire “Lord of the Rings” trilogy.,Not only does New Zealand embody a striking diversity of landscapes, it has a quality of pure light that makes filming a delight, she says.,It took many months of searching to find just the right locations for each shot – 156 of them are detailed in Brodie’s book, which is indispensible for “Rings” fans who want to search out the film sites for themselves.,Murphy found the Alexander farm, not far from the North Island town of Matamata, with its deeply sculpted, intensely green hills as the setting for The Shire – home of the Hobbits. Once “Rings” was filmed, Jackson and company removed every trace and restored the area to its former natural state. But so many tourists kept coming to see The Shire, farmer Alexander asked if the sets could remain after “The Hobbit” was filmed. They will, and can be visited.,Long story short, “Ian Alexander is not a farmer any more,” Murphy says. His farm is now a tourist attraction, where visitors can bottle-feed orphaned lambs, watch sheep-shearing and see sheep dogs at work and, of course, take a tour of The Shire. Famer Alexander no longer gets up at 5 a.m. to milk cows.,Brodie, who manages the site now, estimates that about 200,000 tourists have come to see Hobbiton, as it’s called since the ‘Rings’ movies began showing a decade ago. Murphy found the project eye-opening.,“As for me, it was the highlight of my career, working on these films,” she adds. “I’m a native and I discovered things about my homeland I never knew.”,It’s not just the ‘Rings’ trilogy that has made New Zealand a familiar place to the world. Other movies filmed here, all or in part, include: “Avatar,” “King Kong” (the latest incarnation), “The Lovely Bones,” “Waterhorse,” “The Chronicles of Narnia” (trilogy), “Whale Rider,” “The Piano,” “The Last Samurai” and many more.,In fact, a brand new multi-million-dollar film industry has been spawned in New Zealand, providing many jobs, often in new careers. All these films owe something to this burgeoning endeavor.,But, of all those movies, it seems that the ‘Rings’ are the big draw for tourists.,Many scenes were filmed around Queenstown, and the village of Glenorchy, just north of the city, on the South Island. Here, the nation’s signature “braided rivers” (exactly what they sound like) and the steep, sharp peaks that surround the city of Queenstown fit right into Tolkier’s Middle Earth.,Get a closer look on a jet boat ride up the Dart River, where the winding and interwoven waterway looks like something a set director might concoct. Your guide from Dart River Safaris will point out spots like a range of mountains locally called “The Remarkables,” which became the Misty Peaks of Tolkien’s imagination. Or they might note spots where specific scenes were filmed. Many of their guides actually worked on the films and can tell personal stories about the experience.,Also in this area, you’ll see the setting of (the digitally inserted) Isengard castle and enter an old forest where Merry and Pippin were capturd by Orcs. If you happen to hook up with Nomad Safaris in Queesntown and are lucky enough to get Fran O’Connor as your driver and guide, she’ll not only show you places where filming took place, but also some of the camera tricks used to make the Hobbits seem smaller than Gandalf the Wizard and other characters.,O’Connor knows a lot about the filming of ‘Rings’ – “Viggo Mortensen did all his own stunts,” she recalls. “The fella who played Baromir was afraid to fly in a helicopter and it took forever to get him to the filming site.”,As a grand finale to the day tour, Fearless Fran, as some call her, may take her passengers for a plunge in the nearby river, guiding her intrepid Land Rover across it a dozen or more times to give them a bit of a thrill before their day’s journey ends.,If she suggests: “Let’s go play in the river!” just nod your head and hang on for dear life. It’s a scream – quite literally. That snorkel tube on the side of the vehicle isn’t just for show!,“Rings” fans who visit Wellington need to stop by the WETA Studios, where all the costumes and special effects were created for the trilogy. Here, the repellant ugliness of the Orcs were fashioned, and the character of Smegel (Gollum) was born. It’s a fascinating look at possibly the most single creative spot in the country. Look out, Hollywood.,Besides the formation of WETA studios, film tourism has contributed to luring many new visitors to New Zealand, according to surveys done by the nation’s tourism office.,More than 90 percent of visitors interviewed in the recent survey said they were aware that many important films had been made in New Zealand. And though most surveyed did not come to the country solely to see “Lord of the Rings” sites, many said they planned to visit some in the course of their stay.,“It may not be the main reason for most people to come here,” Murphy says. “But it certainly put us on the map.”,1. The scenery. Everywhere you look, it’s beautiful. Even amateur photographers can capture it – the sheer, snowy mountain peaks, the rolling luminescent green hills, the mile-long beaches and more. The forests are primitive and lush with ferns. Cabbage trees (which look like palm trees) sprout up everywhere. The Scotch broom (considered a weed) glows yellow on the cliffsides.,2. The cleanliness. You won’t find a cleaner country on earth. There’s no litter, no trash on the roadsides or on city streets. Public restrooms are tidy and clean. And hotel rooms and restaurants are immaculate. You can drink the water without fear.,3. The food. Yes, everything is expensive here, because most things have to be imported from quite a distance. But try the local stuff.  You’ve never had more succulent lamb, more tender beef (they raise a Kobi-like strain called the Speckled Park), and the fresh-caught fish and seafood. Their fish and chips are so wonderful, the English could take a lesson! Seasonally, they have lovely vegetables, too.,4. The people. You’ll not find more gracious and accommodating folk anywhere on the planet. And they like Americans! Boarding a flight from Christchurch to Dunedin, I complimented the Air New Zealand flight attendant on their cute hats. “Oh, do you want it?” she asked, unpinning it! A businessman walking down a street in Wellington stopped to make sure we weren’t lost when we paused to look at a street sign. Their genuine warmth and easy sense of humor make any trip to New Zealand memorable. In nearly three weeks, we never met a cranky Kiwi.,New Zealand Tourism – www.newzealand.com,Find a discounted flight to New Zealand here. (Use code NY25),Author’s Bio:  Linda DuVal is a freelance writer in Colorado Springs.,Piran has shaken off its Yugoslavian communist past to show tourists its Venetian architecture and spectacular seaside location.,Sewn into the Šavrini hills and sprawling out onto a thumb-shaped promontory on the northwestern corner of Istria the largest peninsula in the Adriatic Sea, Piran represents the face of the Slovenian coast.,Mentioned in writings as early as the 7th century, Piran dons many monikers. Its climate and prime location on Slovenia’s 31-mile-long (50 km) coast have for centuries drawn European vacationers to the “gem” of the Venetian Gothic and the “Dubrovnik of the North Adriatic.” However, 16 years ago, Piran’s tourism declined during Slovenia’s War of Independence with Yugoslavia. Although the hostilities lasted only 10 days and did not affect Piran directly, travel to the country and region was deemed dangerous.,Today, tourism is prospering once again in this most-developed town in all of Slovenia.,Perched on a high hill and strengthened with flying buttresses, St. George’s Church is the centerpiece of this Mediterranean town. Construction probably began in the 12th century, but the church was built in its present size in the 14th century, and Baroque-style renovations were completed in 1637.,The medieval church is named after Piran’s patron saint. Inside, a museum showcases 14th century artifacts, murals from the Venetian painting school adorn the wall, and two statues of St. George are among the preserved works of art.,From the church’s courtyard, the sky extends to the Italian city of Trieste, about 35 miles (56 km) to the north, and the snow-capped Dolomites, with a view below of waves dashing onto the rocks on the stone beach.,St. George’s bell tower stands as a reminder of 16th-century Venetian rule. Built in 1608, the bell tower is a smaller-scale copy of the San Marco Campanile, in Venice. The bell chimes every quarter hour, serving as the town’s alarm clock. At the top of the tower, the brass angel St. Michael informs residents of incoming weather, pointing north for good or south for fair.,The cobblestone street east of St. George’s Church, up the steep hill, leads to the town walls. As early as the 7th century, walls surrounded Piran, and gates divided the town into districts. With the threat of a Turkish invasion in the 15th century; the walls were refortified, and a new wall was built on Mogoron Hill. The largest preserved section on the hill has crenellated towers, built for medieval defense.,The view from the walls offers a postcard shot of Piran, starting from the countryside below and reaching to the Punta lighthouse. West, toward the harbor, are the First and Second Rašpor gates, two of the seven remaining gates in Piran formerly used as entrances into the walled city.,Tartini Square, named for Piran’s most famous resident, classical composer and violinist Guiseppe Tartini (1692-1770) — and actually, in the form of a circle — is Piran’s social heart. The square, made of white marble, resembles an ice-skating rink, with a larger-than-life bronze statue erected to Tartini in the center.,Kids crowd the square playing soccer, women chat with friends, and tourists relax on benches while enjoying gelato. Town Hall, St. Peter’s Church and grand, multistory homes encircle Tartini Square.,Piran was part of the territory of the Republic of Venice, from 1283 to 1797. Venetian rule left a strong mark on the region, and Italian is still one of the two official languages spoken in Piran — the other being Slovenian, of course.,The 15th-century palace at the intersection of 9th Corps Street and Tartini Square called the Venetian House is the most beautiful example of Venetian Gothic architecture in Piran. Decorated with stone ornaments and a corner Gothic balcony, the red palace represents an infamous tale.,According to legend, a Venetian merchant fell in love with a local girl and built the palace for her. The merchant wanted the edifice to show his love and express the strength of his wealth to the townspeople, however, the townspeople disapproved of their relationship and gossiped about the couple.,As a defense against the town’s resentment, an inscription, still preserved today, was added between the windows on the second floor. It reads: Lassa pur diror “Let them talk.”,Inside the winding alleys the character of Piran reveals itself. The street signs remind visitors of the Yugoslavian communist past, with names referring to Russian dictator Vladimir Lenin and German socialist scientist and philosopher Friedrich Engels. Here and there, streets or staircases lead into dead ends or a view of the sea. The sounds of footsteps in this quiet place mix with the clacking of dishes and laughter echoing off the buildings. Residents smile as they walk down the street.,To the north, Piran’s alleys lead to the 1st of May Square, the old market and administrative center. The Old Square (Piazza Vecchia), as it was first named, is slightly elevated, with stairs leading up to statues of Law and Justice.,It bustles with locals — adults enjoy a glass of refošk, a popular red wine of Istria, at restaurants, and children play on the stone rainwater cistern, built as a reservoir after a drought in 1775. Two statues of babies flank the cistern, one holding a fish and the other a pot. The statues were connected to gutters that stored water in the cistern.,Where boulders protect Piran from the sea sits the Byzantine-influenced Punta Lighthouse. Reminiscent of the 7th century, when Piran was under Byzantine rule, the top of the lighthouse resembles a crown, and features Moorish keyhole windows with a cloverleaf at the top of each arch.,Some linguists believe the town’s name derived from the Greek word pyr, or fire, as the original settlement was positioned there to support a lighthouse for vessels sailing to a nearby Greek colony.,If You Go,Tourism Piran,www.portoroz.si,www.slovenia.info,Head to the Solomon Islands in the South Pacific for pristine beaches, great diving, WWII history and unique island customs and traditions.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,“That’s Guyas Tohabellana,” said Andrew, our guide, waving at a stocky man in rumpled shorts, a faded t-shirt and flip flops. “That’s the man I told you about. C’mon, let’s say hello.”,I’m in a car, bouncing along a road in the Solomon Islands, a South Pacific country made up of more than 900 islands and atolls.,If it weren’t for the potholes, cavernous pits slowing us down on the road to Honiara, on Guadalcanal, the largest of the islands, I wouldn’t have missed the turnoff, or the sign on the tree, “Dolphin View Cottage.” It took Andrew to point it out.,Beyond the cottage, Tohabellana’s two teenagers lounged on a picnic table near the beach, playing with a pet cockatoo. Behind them, Iron Bottom Sound, the water graveyard of 50-odd American and Japanese ships, stretched away to the horizon and Savo Island, a faint shape on the water.,For a couple of minutes, the two men talked, speaking Pijin so softly I missed most of what they said. Then Tohabellana turned, switched to the King’s English and offered a handshake.,“You’re from America!” he said, lighting up like a rocket. “Do you like it here? Have you been to Gizo and seen the beautiful coral reefs? Yes, my grandfather was a coast watcher during World War II, a spy you’d say, reporting Japanese movements to the Americans. He watched the battle of Savo Island from right here.”,A name and a friendly handshake are de rigueur in Guadalcanal, deep in the South Pacific. Being American counts, too, especially here, where 5,800 Americans were killed or injured defending the islands during World War II. That friendship remains. But most islanders are looking forward.,“We’ve always been known for two things,” said Ellison Kyere, with the Tourist Office, when I and my partner Steve met him for tuna fish salad sandwiches at the Lime Lounge, Honiara’s newest café. “For the war, and for what’s under the water.,Pristine coral reefs and world-class wreck dives. Now it’s time to tell the story of island life on land, stories about people and their traditions.”,A tall order, indeed, in one of the world’s most diverse places. Most people are Melanesian, speaking pijin and English, the legacy of former British rule. But with 75 different spoken languages, villagers’ lives are shaped by local customs.,Some people wear grass skirts and depend on shell money for barter or as a bride price; others are proud to count headhunters among their ancestors. A lucky few own speed boats. But most rely on the “mola,” a homemade dugout canoe, their only transportation to nearby islands.,Tourism is in its infancy, in fact, with an annual visitor count of just 24,000, surprising for the South Pacific’s second-largest nation bigger than Fiji, French Polynesia, the Cooks, Samoa, Tonga or Vanuatu.,But getting there was surprisingly easy. We took a nonstop Fiji Airlines overnight flight from Los Angeles to Fiji’s Nadi International Airport, catching the Solomon Airlines flight on to Henderson Airport, in Honiara, the capital.,If you think you’ll use your phone, look for the local phone company’s “tourist special,” offered at the airport: it’s SIM card for U.S.$1.30, loaded with 75 minutes.,The next day we toured Honiara with Andrew, who pulled up to our hotel in a shiny black SUV. “All of our cars are from Japan and they’re all second-hand,” he grumped, as we headed to the tiny National Museum and on to the bustling Central Market. “You can’t buy a new car here,” he said, shaking his head. “They won’t send any.”,“And the Japanese are building this overpass bridge and paving the street and it’s taking forever,” he said as we inched along the main drag, past grimy storefronts and roadside vegetable stalls overflowing with greens, squash, tomatoes and fruit,“That store, where everybody shops, is owned by a Chinese company,” he pointed out, nodding at a modern, two-story building. It reminded me of Chinese-owned businesses I’ve seen in Zambia: build a customer base, then move on to the copper mine.,I searched in vain for something American to brag on – a business school or a hospital – but Andrew had already turned off to Bonegi Beach, now a famous wreck-dive site. After stops at the Memorial Garden Cemetery and the American War Memorial, the tour ended at Bloody Ridge, a grassy hill overlooking the ocean.,Nothing there, no signs, or even fences, marked the site and overgrown foxholes where 40 Americans, mostly marines, died in 1942. But ghosts were still there, kit seemed, still nearby. At least that’s how it felt to me.,Our trip began in earnest the next morning, lying north to airfields in Gizo, on Ghizo Island and on Munda, on New Georgia Island, both in the Western Province. Below us, a panorama rolled past, tiny islands dotting the landscape, with equatorial rain forests inland and blue water coves on the shore.,By mid-afternoon, we’d arrived at Fat Boys Resort, a palm-thatched, over-water lodge, connected to the island by a 300-foot long pier.  Built over deep water to accommodate motorboats and protect the shallow-water coral, it connected the lodge to five rustic bungalows onshore.,Fat Boys was our base camp for the next two days: a trip to Kennedy Island where Lieutenant John Kennedy and his PT109 crew swam ashore after a Japanese ship sank their boat; and a glorious high-speed ride over big swells to a tiny stretch of sand for a grilled-lobster picnic.,Gizo, the town, was abuzz the next morning when we arrived for the outdoor market. Families anchored their dug-out canoes at the waterfront, buyers crowded the aisles, coins were exchanged and stall owners hailed their friends.,As the only two outsiders, we felt conspicuous. But just for a minute. Everyone wanted to talk, asking where we were from and smiling for photos.,Ngali nuts – the holy grail of easy-to-peel snacks – were in season, so I stocked up with a half-dozen folded-leaf bags. Betel nuts were sold, too, eaped beside stacks of taro leaves, slippery spinach (Malabar spinach) and piles of purple bananas.,The next day, waiting for our plane at the snack shack behind the Gizo airport, I asked the man sharing my bench – he was buying betel nuts – what they tasted like. His runny eyes and red teeth gave him away. “Do they relax you?” I asked.,“Oh, no, they give you energy,” he said, smiling. He added a pinch of slaked lime (burned clamshells) and showed me how to fold the nut into a betel leaf.  “One or two of these and I’ll want to get up and work all day,” he explained, grinning.,Flying on to Munda, the Solomons’ dive capital, we checked into the Agnes Gateway Hotel, a modest waterfront inn priced for backpackers and divers. Guided by boat pilot Billy Kere – “I’m a descendant of the Roviana headhunter clan,” he said – we bounced over the waves for 40 jolting minutes to shadowy Skull Island to see the piled stone altars and a couple of dozen sacrificial skulls.,“Don’t worry, the headhunters are gone,” said Billy, winking. “It’s all about love nowadays. But not then. If you sin, your head comes off,” he said, slashing the air with an invisible knife.,Fifteen minutes later we reached tiny Lubaria Island, the PT-boat base – now a historic park – where Kennedy and his crew were posted during the war. Ata, the ancient caretaker of the island, hustled to his tent under a tree to fetch a carved wood bust of the future president.,“I hide it at night,” he said, setting it atop a monument. “It’s been stolen and returned twice.” Beyond the overgrown bushes and a row of rusty artillery, a small white hut proved to be a flush toilet, delighting all.,As our 16-seat Twin Otter taxied over the grass heading back to Honiara, rising low over the coast then climbing over miles of wilderness, I realized what we’d missed. Next time we’ll stay longer.,Fiji Airways flies nonstop from Los Angeles to Fiji, connecting on Solomon Airlines to Honiara, on Guadalcanal.,Visit www.visitsolomons.com/sb for details to lodging, culture, climate, history, sports and tours.,Author Bio: Writer Anne Z. Cooke, a print and online journalist lives the life of a gypsy, following the seasons from Los Angeles to Colorado’s Rocky Mountains. In between, she travels the world, covering everything from Arctic culture and wildlife conservation to English history and family cruising, looking for the best while pursuing the back story.  A freelancer and correspondent for the Tribune News Service, her stories appear in travel and lifestyle publications in the U.S. and internationally.,READ MORE stories on the best islands to visit ,Community-based tourism is a big part of responsible travel. Discover a true community tourism experience at Shwala Mountain Camp in Eswatini.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,It’s a chilly morning, unlike what most of us picture Africa to be. But July is winter here, and my family and I are headed into the highlands of Swaziland.,The low scrub landscape stretches out in front of us. Empty but for the occasional cow or perhaps a woman and child walking, miles from the nearest village, backlit by the slanting rays of the morning sun.,As we climb higher and higher in our little Renault, the landscape becomes sharper, the burnt-red clay redder, the dust dustier, and the air colder. We’re finishing a trip that brought us from the plains of South Africa to the imperial Drakensberg Mountains of Lesotho. Then, later to the verdant forests of KwaZulu-Natal.,Earlier that day, we crossed the border into the Kingdom of Eswatini, formerly Swaziland. It’s a nation that piqued my interest from the moment that I learned it has one of the lowest life expectancies in the world (just 59.4 at present).,Our destination: Shewula Mountain Camp, the first community-run ecotourism project in the country.,When we arrived, passing the homemade sign that reads “A real community experience, help us to conserve our natural resources,” I was struck by the magnificence of the landscape.,Perched high on a cliff above rippling green foothills that stretch to Mozambique and beyond, Shewula is one of the most naturally beautiful sights I’ve experienced.,But beyond the impressive scenery, what makes Shewula remarkable is its unique history and approach to tourism. Founded in 1999 by locals from the neighboring village, the camp is 100% community-run.,Instead of the Western hotel chains of Cape Town, your accommodation is a rondavel, a circular stone hut with a thatched roof, perfect for keeping warm at night and cool in the day. ,At Shewula, dining is communal with community members and guests sharing bowls of pap (a maize-based porridge) and swapping stories late into the night under the thatched pavilion.,Unless you’re an expert on Swazi cuisine, the dishes will appear completely foreign but will taste as good as any in the West.,While there, guests have numerous activities at their disposal. You can take a culture walk: a guided tour through the village where you can help out with daily chores. Or, you can watch local artisans at their craft and visit the village school.,If nature is more your thing, you can take a tour of the stunning nature preserve and walk down to the Mbuluzi River where crocodiles are frequently seen sunning themselves on the bank.,In addition, the camp has bikes available for rent so you can take in the surrounding landscape at your own pace. Each of these activities are intriguing and enjoyable, but even if you don’t decide to do them you’ll still be guaranteed a good time.,Shewula is a place where the destination is an experience in itself, an experience you’re not likely to forget.,For many, a night at Shewula would not be high on the list of vacation ideas. It’s remote, tough to find, and different from the daily pattern of life we follow in the United States.,In an era where vacation means pre-packaged tours and cruises, the prospect of spending the night in the bush without a WiFi signal (or even power outlets in the rooms) can seem scary, and rightly so.,There’s no one to intervene during misunderstandings and no group leader to translate cultural nuances. You certainly will not have access to the 20 different restaurants that you would have if you’d booked a stay on the Symphony of Seas, the largest cruise ship in the world.,But this is what makes Shewula special. Its community-based approach to tourism is one of the best ways to promote responsible development.,Without distractions, there is no other option but to interact, not just with other guests, but with community members themselves.,You could easily find yourself pulled into a soccer game to the delight of the local kids. Or conversing about the AIDS epidemic and its horrific effects on the community with a village elder.,Interactions like these shatter the divide between tourists and locals so easily formed on packaged holidays.,In addition, it challenges the “poor but happy” narrative often used as a means to excuse inequality and opens both guests and locals to a new perspective. ,Aside from the enriching connections both tourists and locals have, community-based tourism also provides direct economic benefits because all profits go directly into community building.,In the case of Shewula, tourist dollars fund numerous projects from protecting wildlife and natural areas to the maintenance of clean drinking water and support for children orphaned by the AIDS crisis.,Unfortunately, sustainable community-based tourism occupies a tiny niche within the present travel industry. Major corporations like the Expedia group and the cruise industry hold an enormous share of the market and shape what most of us view as travel. ,As a result, the tourism industry has blurred the lines between travel and vacation so much that the two terms are now used interchangeably. But there is a distinction that should be made between vacation and travel.,Put simply, the purpose of a vacation is entertainment, and there’s certainly nothing wrong with a holiday. Travel on the other hand is different. The true explorer travels to gain understanding, challenge their preconceptions and learn more about the world.,Shewula is for travelers. It’s for off-the-beaten-pathers. It’s a road less taken. It’s a Swazi-cultural adventure—a destination so different that you’re not likely to experience something quite like this anywhere else.,When I went to Africa, I expected to see the usual sights you read about in guidebooks. Lions and hippos, beautiful scenery, and unique cultures. However, I also found a new appreciation for travel, and in particular, the community-run tourism that Shewula Mountain Camp provides.,This style of travel is no doubt more challenging, but with practice can become second nature. Instead of booking through large hotel chains, look for smaller hostels or Airbnb rentals away from crowded tourist centers.,For experiences, use online resources like Go World Travel Magazine. When you get to your destination ask locals the best places to see. If you’re flexible, these local recommendations can be the highlights of a trip.,It is our responsibility to appreciate and learn from other cultures as equals. While there’s nothing wrong with a relaxing vacation, living and learning in and among the local community provides the most enriching experience.,What’s more, it directly benefits the community and empowers them to decide exactly how they want to grow. For these reasons I urge you, on your next trip, don’t settle for easy.,As essayist Edward Abbey put it, “may your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, and dangerous, leading to the most amazing view.” Give community-based tourism a chance, get over the nerves, set aside convenience, and discover the view of a lifetime.,Shewula Mountain Camp is located in northeast Eswatini high in the Lubombo Mountains about 20 minutes away from the Lomahasha border crossing with Mozambique.,The camp is only two and a half hours from the popular Kruger National Park in South Africa making it an easy detour that many miss out on.,The camp itself has seven rondavel huts that sleep either three or five people based on your group’s size. For one guest the price per night is 350 lilangeni (around $25) which is on par with South African Rand. For more information visit: http://www.shewulacamp.org/thecamp.php\,Author’s Bio: Callahan Rogers is currently a student at Binghamton University. With a passion for traveling, he has been to 28 countries and hopes to complete his goal of visiting 50 by the time he graduates. He lives in the town of Chateaugay, just north of the Adirondacks in the North Country of New York.,We hadn’t planned to experience Ramadan in Jordan and Yom Kippur in Israel back-to-back, but the result was a rewarding and unique travel experience.,We hadn’t planned it this way. When we settled on a date for our trip to Jordan and Israel, we had no idea that two of the world’s most celebrated religious events would collide back-to-back.,It happens only once every 30 years that the end of the Muslim Ramadan coincides with the Jewish Day of Atonement, Yom Kippur. Fate had scheduled our journey during this rare Holy Coincidence.,The most sacred month of Islam, Ramadan, represents the lunar cycle during which Mohammed first received revelations from God in 610 A.D. Increased prayers and daily dawn to dusk fasting for the entire lunar cycle represents a time of penance for Muslims.,We arrived in Jordan during the last week of Ramadan. Our Islamic guide adhered to the required daily fast, refusing to eat or drink anything throughout the day, but his abstinence seriously affected his tour duties.,While we explored Petra and adjacent ancient canyons under an intense sun and soaring temperatures, he suffered dehydration, became faint and light-headed and he often left the group to find its own way while he recovered in the shade. It became clear who was guiding whom.,The sighting of the new moon determines whether Ramadan will end on the 29th or 30th day. No one ever knows for sure. On the 29th evening of the lunar month, we joined a Muslim family in Amman, Jordan around their television, anticipating the formal announcement from the Imam that the crescent moon had risen in Mecca.,The dining table was set with fine china and aromas of chicken stew wafted from the kitchen. When the religious leader reported the moon’s sighting, a wild celebration erupted, signifying an end to Ramadan with a festivity called Eid-u-Fitr.,Gift-giving and a huge feast followed. The family’s 15-year-old daughter, Adara, tore open her presents.,Strange and uncomfortable emotions churned within us non-Muslims in the room, startled that a religious festivity was declared through a television message. “How do the Muslims of the world without TV find out?” I wondered.,“What happens if the new moon does not appear, or is hidden by clouds?” I asked Adara.,“We’d have to put everything away until tomorrow night,” she said, laughing.,I tried to imagine what it would be like to watch television to know if the star of Bethlehem had appeared. But the family’s joy of celebration, the gift-giving, the prepared feast so heavy that both Adara and her mother had to carry the food vessel to the table, the warm feelings of sharing their special customs with strangers imparted a scene like our Christian Christmas activities.,At that moment, we really weren’t so different after all.,In the morning we headed to the Israeli border and learned that observance of Yom Kippur would begin later that day. A quick Internet search revealed that this date corresponded to the 10th day of the month of Tishrei, in the year 5771 on the Jewish lunar-solar calendar.,It coincides with the date when Moses received the second set of the Ten Commandments from God, representing atonement for the sins of the Israelites with the Golden Calf. Yom Kippur’s one day of fasting, repentance and prayer illustrates the contrasts and similarities between Judaism and Islam that at times collide.,Unless we crossed from Jordan into Israel before 1 pm, the Israeli Immigration Office would close and not reopen until the next evening.  For 25 hours, beginning twenty minutes before sundown until sunset of the following day, every common activity in every Jewish community comes to a halt.,Long lines at border control snaked back and forth. Anxious travelers with frenzied faces held their credentials and squirmed as they calculated the time needed to make it through the gates. An Israeli guard marched up and down, keeping order and eyeing the travel documents in hand.,He spied our familiar navy-blue US passports and directed us from the unwieldy line to a separate entrance. Being citizens of an allied country that offers military aide apparently goes a long way. Within minutes we stood on Israeli soil.,We arrived in Jerusalem about 5 pm. Experiencing the holiest of Jewish holy days in the holiest of Jewish cities, unfolded as an unexpected privilege. There is no better way for Gentiles to comprehend what this religious holiday means.,Reading about the customs practiced during this period of grace and atonement cannot prepare one for being there in person. Initially, we scoffed at reported tales that all businesses close, all services cease and all transportation stops.  As the total inertia progressed, respect for the Jewish commitment to their Day of Atonement grew.,A few pedestrians scurried along, as if pushing toward some deadline, shop keepers pulled down security gates and traffic eased. As we entered the hotel parking lot, an electric streetcar came to an abrupt halt in the middle of the block. All passengers and the conductor abandoned the car, and dashed in different directions, leaving the trolley unmanned. “Was this the start of the complete shutdown of the Jewish sector of the city?” I wondered.,After a speedy and efficient hotel check-in, the clerk advised us that the elevator had been set for Shabbat service for the next 25 hours. No buttons to push, as contact with electrical appliances of any sort is discouraged.,The only elevator in operation would automatically stop at every floor and require no personal contact with the mechanism.,Preparation of one’s mind set for Yom Kippur on this ‘day of stopping’ allows the individual to voluntarily deny personal comforts, distressing the body while nurturing the soul.,The focus centers on confession of guilt, redemption of sins and personal reflection. The five official prohibitions for this period – no eating or drinking, no wearing of ‘comfortable’ leather shoes, no bathing or washing, no anointing the self with lotions or perfumes and no marital relations – help the penitent concentrate on prayer.,Inside our hotel room, a basket of wrapped biscuits and crackers, jams, boxes of juice and a checkered tablecloth waited for tomorrow’s breakfast. No work includes hotel employees and kitchen staff. The impact of the devotees’ adherence to the principles of Judaism settled in.,I peered out the window to the now deserted street below. Not a car nor a taxi, not a shopper nor an open door, not a working traffic light nor a city sound.,A lone, secular bicyclist peddled by. Jewish men hurried to prayers at Temple or the Western Wailing Wall wearing garb specific for Yom Kippur: white kittel robes, draped with black and white striped four-cornered prayer shawls called tallits and capped with kippahs or yarmulkes.,We took the stairs to the sidewalk and stopped to hear the stunning silence. We felt the solitude, witnessed the piety and beheld a city that resembled a scene from ‘The Day the Earth Stood Still.’,Following the faithful to prayer required us to maneuver the abandoned alleys of the Jewish Quarter of Old Jerusalem, tucked behind thick stone walls. Signs discouraged tourists from entering the Plaza fronting the Western Wailing Wall during this religious observance.,Hugging a stone overlook, we gazed down at throngs of Hassidic men, bobbing their black-hatted heads in prayer, with long finger curls swinging with each nod. Crammed close to the Wall and engrossed in his own atonement, each confessor seemed oblivious to the crunch of believers invading every inch of space.,Fewer women draped in head coverings took their relegated place behind the men. The hushed murmur of prayers competed with whispers of a light breeze as the only audible sounds.,Twenty-five hours of stoic inertia in any capitol city is almost impossible to comprehend. Being in Jerusalem on Yom Kippur erased any doubts. I was certain, upon arising the next morning, that the resolve would weaken, and activity would creep back. But no, nothing moved, nothing opened, and the tranquil state remained intact without cracks.,So what does the non-Jewish tourist do in Jerusalem on Yom Kippur? In the Old City divided into four quarters, one section flows directly into the next. The Jewish Quarter echoed the stillness of stone, but the adjoining Armenian Quarter pulsed with life.,We followed the aroma of Turkish coffee and lyre music that drifted from cozy shops. Crowed restaurants overflowed with non-fasting patrons.,We inched down stone stairs to a dimly lit cellar bistro, which resembled Rick’s Café in Casablanca, as swirls of pungent cigar smoke drifted near the ceiling. The meal we ordered burst with cumin, cayenne, lamb and eggplant.,The Armenian cognac turned the meal into a divine escapade. Later, in the Christian Quarter, we meandered through the walled ghetto to take in all 14 Stations of the Cross on the Via Dolorosa. Amazed and awed by so much history.,Looking for more magic, we wandered through the Old City, searching for the section we had been advised to avoid – the Arab Quarter. Taboo can sometimes turn fantastic.,Women, dressed in black berkas, peeked at these two very unusual guests in western dress. My short-sleeved shirt showed bare arms. I realized their shock.,Feeling conspicuous, we shrank from the open area and tried to slink into the shadows. To the rescue, a lively vendor intervened. Dressed in billowy, magician silk pants, he jumped in front of us and lured us into his stand, waving a pastry dripping with honey.,Our uneasiness faded as the saturated filo slid down our throats. Ahab grabbed his opportunity to interact with Western tourists and we reveled in being entertained by an Arab soothing our sweet tooth.,By the time we returned to the hotel, the sun had disappeared behind the western horizon.  The sanctity of Yom Kippur ended, and the city returned to its vibrant, noisy self within minutes of sundown.,We pushed the elevator button for the 4th floor. It rose passed the 2nd and 3rd without a stop. We flounced into our room, laden not with purchases, but with an incredible array of experiences and a sweet hint of honey on our lips.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol L. Bowman retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric fieldwork in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  , ,In Longjing Village, you can pick tea leaves from the Emperor’s favorite tea garden, and then sample Dragon Well Tea for yourself.,China is renowned for its production (and consumption) of high-quality green tea. My daughter, Nicole, and I were eager to learn about its production and sample some of the best this country known for tea had to offer.,We had spent an enjoyable visit touring Hangzhou, which is a little more than an hour southwest of Shanghai. Close as Shanghai and Hangzhou may be, they couldn’t be more different in look and feel.,Shanghai is a futuristic cityscape that conjures images from science fiction movies like Blade Runner and A.I., a city nearly sinking under the weight of its own rapid construction.,Contrast that with the peaceful tranquility of Hangzhou’s West Lake and the lush Huagang Garden, the place Marco Polo described in the 1400s as “the city of heaven” and “beyond dispute the finest and noblest in the world.”,We had saved the best for last: as Nicole and I left Hangzhou’s West Lake and drove about 20 minutes into the mountains, we were about to discover the best treat in the country: Longjing Tea, or “Dragon Well Tea.”,The hillsides of the Longjing region were covered in green tea bushes, and within the rows we could make out the pointed yellow hats first, then the people under them.,We saw hundreds of men and women in traditional straw hats, wide brimmed and pointed at the top, in the fields with their bags, picking the tea leaves.,Attired in what looked, from a distance, like formal kimonos, a small army picked tea in the fields.,We had entered China’s “capital of tea.” Then we got a closer look by entering the rows of tea bushes and picking some for ourselves.,Longjing or “dragon well” green tea is the most exclusive in China — and perhaps the most exclusive green tea in the world.  The workers on the tea plantation only pick the smallest, most tender top two leaves on each section.,Longjing tea used to be harvested and produced solely for the Emperor himself. During Imperial China, nobody enjoyed the exclusive Longjing tea except the Emperor and his elite guests.,We just happened to be here in late March, during the annual tea harvest — one of the area’s most anticipated events and a must-experience for tea drinkers.,It was the perfect time to visit, the tea leaves were ripe for the picking — and at their freshest and tastiest. Right off the bush, the leaves tasted sweet and succulent.,After we picked and tasted some of the freshly picked tea leaves, we went to an area of large metal woks and saw how the tea leaves were lightly roasted — immediately after picking, so the green leaves wouldn’t oxidize or ferment.,We tasted them again; after roasting, the leaves were slightly crunchy and tasted something like a delicate sunflower seed. We watched the tea leaves go from bush to bag to wok, then we went into a ceremonial tearoom for a taste of tea as it is intended.,In our tearoom at the Longjing Tea Plantation, we came to understand why Longjing is considered by many to be the best green tea in the world.,A green tea professional (a women with a PhD in tea) lectured us about the Dragon Well Tea as we drank. She suggested drinking eight to 20 cups of green tea each day not only for taste, but for health purposes.,Good green works as a natural detox, helps with weight control, and is good for general health.  (Not to mention how healthy such prescriptions are for the local tea industry.),Good business or not, the tea was so fragrant and tasty that, after making several cups with the same leaves, we could eat the wet tea leaves and they tasted great. These greens sold themselves.,With an earthy, sweet fragrance and taste, we agreed that the fresh Longjing “dragon well” tea was the best tea we’d tasted . . . even if perhaps elevated by our unique experience.,It’s safe to say that Hangzhou and the nearby Longjing Dragon Well tea left a pleasing taste in our mouths.,Chances are, if you’re going to the plantation for a Longjing Dragon Well tea experience, you’re already in China for a tour of Hangzhou.,And, although Hangzhou, with a population of about 7 million, remains a serene heaven on earth and is one of the most popular vacation destinations for natives, if a westerner is visiting Hangzhou, in most cases, their true destination was Shanghai.,The point being, I’ll spare the details of how to get to China, other than to say that the most economical and comfortable way is to secure a package deal with one of several Chinese tour companies.,It offers deals so attractive that they must be subsidized by the government to promote tourism.,Many of these package deals offer about half of the time on guided tours (convenient) and half of your time on your own (for exploring and adventuring on your own). We prefer the latter.,There’s really not a bad time to visit Hangzhou, but the best times are in the spring and autumn. Nicole and I enjoyed our visit in the spring.,From Shanghai, you can reach the Longjing Dragon Well hillsides by taking the high-speed train to Hangzhou. Then, from Honggiao railway station, you can take the B2 bus or a taxi to Wulin Square.,From there, you can take Bus 28 to the Qu Yuan Feng bus stop, transfer to Bus 27 and take it to the Longjing Cha Shi stop. Walk west, take the turn right at the fork, and you’ll be there.,Traveler’s secret: some people love the adventure of taking the public transportation as described above. If you prefer a less stressful route, a taxi from downtown Hangzou will only run around ten dollars or euros.,Just make sure you keep enough currency to enjoy some good tea, and to perhaps even take a canister or two home with you.,Author Bio: Eric D. Goodman enjoys traveling as much as he loves writing. His fiction and travel stories have been published in many periodicals, including Go Nomad, InTravel Magazine, Travel Mag, The Washington Post, The Baltimore Review, The Pedestal Magazine, The Potomac, Grub Street, Scribble Magazine, and others. Eric’s the author of the award-winning Tracks: A Novel in Stories about travelers who connect on a train, Flightless Goose, a storybook for children, and the forthcoming Womb: a novel in utero. Learn more about Eric and his work at www.EricDGoodman.com and connect with him at www.Facebook.com/EricDGoodman., ,If you’re looking for a unique cultural experience read this first-hand memoir of an American’s visit to Kohalpur Nepal during Tihar Festival.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Everywhere I go, I’m always surprised by the dogs. In the United States, we get used to the lack of wild dogs running around (or, more likely, laying around) everywhere.,When a dog makes an appearance, that dog is the star of the show. However, as travelers to anywhere else in the world, we know that is not the case. But still, I forget to expect the abundance of street dogs in many countries outside the US.,Nepal is a good example e of this, but some of the rural towns have more than just dogs. Imagine this: you are walking down the street, and you see dogs lying at the curbs and in front of the storefronts, prancing around in search of scraps or on a quest to find shade.,But as you imagine the equivalent of a Labrador that has not been washed for five years walking by, imagine watching that dog and looking up to come face to face with a cow. Yes, a cow, right on the street, right in front of you, blocking cars and mooing.,What you imagined was one of the first experiences I had walking around rural Kohalpur in Banke, Nepal. Banke is a province in western Nepal, about an hour’s flight from Kathmandu. Few tourists go there.,While I was there, one of the locals with whom I was working told me, in his best broken English, that I was the first American he had ever seen in Kohalpur. I was surprised, but after a few days there, I believed him.,When I walked around the main part of the city, it was as if I were wearing a bright pink jumpsuit. It seemed that everyone stopped to look at me as I passed by. These were not negative or critical stares.,Rather, they were the looks a person gives to something out of the norm. However, coming from Boston, where it’s rare for someone to even acknowledge your existence as you walk by, it felt vastly different.,As I walked around, I also noticed that there were power lines with crowded messes of wires that looked as though they had been tied into knots. I would also stop in the little markets and shops lining the roadways.,Here I would find the most unique clothing, jewelry and food at a fifth of the cost of back home. In addition, there was a plethora of fruit stands and places to eat.,When it comes to food, Nepal does not disappoint. Whether it is Kathmandu or Kohalpur or anywhere else, the Nepalese feed you well. For any prospective traveler, be sure to request “momo”, which are Nepal’s famous dumplings. A word of caution though: they are addictive (in the best way possible).,The locals in Kathmandu told me that most foreign young people who come to Nepal are there to climb and the rest are there to see old buildings. The world of difference between life in more rural areas of Nepal and any other place would only draw a certain type of person.,And it is true that Kohalpur was not groomed for tourists. But for the person who wants to know Nepal, experience the culture and understand the people, the cities of Banke are just that: a world of difference.,I was in Nepal with a friend because we were sent there by a church in Massachusetts to help churches in and around Kathmandu. Groups of Christians in the country are poor and persecuted.,As a result, many of them depend on support from churches like mine to function. I happened to be sent to Kohalpur, and I had the beautiful opportunity to experience the place in a way that very few travelers or tourists get to have.,The first thing that any traveler to Banke (or Kathmandu, for that matter) will notice is the quality of the air. It feels quite different to breathe that air; it can be difficult on the lungs.,I got used to it, but it is a very memorable feeling to breathe in and notice a different sort of taste. Furthermore, there is a dryness and a coarseness to the air which makes it hard to get a full breath.,Of course, you could wear a mask, but I chose not to. Call me a purist, but I wanted the full experience of Nepal and in that spirit, I wanted to breathe the same air the locals did.,Another thing a traveler may be surprised by is the fact that a good number of the locals speak English. Even in a place like Kohalpur, lodging was not too difficult to manage.,Many of the young people in Nepal are taught English. While we had someone with us who spoke both Nepalese and English, it was possible to get around without him.,I will also say that I was not ready for Nepalese traffic. Taxi drivers must have supernatural abilities that I do not possess because the roads were something like I had never seen before.,Motorcycles zoom between and around other cars with little warning and cars cut in front of other cars at breakneck speeds. Furthermore, there are impossibly slim roadways, off-road driving and (as previously mentioned) the occasional cow in the road.,In one day, I heard car horns blaring in Nepal about as much as I would hear in a month in Boston.  ,Certain times are better than others to visit a place like Banke. There is a rainy season in Nepal in the summer months. I had visited in November and the weather was excellent with temperatures around seventy degrees Fahrenheit during the day.,Because of the work that I was doing, I had come to Nepal during a unique time. The days of my visit fell during the celebration period called “Tihar”, more commonly known as “the festival of lights”.,During this time, there is no school for children or work for most adults, and there are frequent celebrations and events.,This made it an especially interesting time to visit in terms of understanding and learning about Nepalese culture.  For Tihar, lights are strung onto buildings, paint and decorations are everywhere, including on the aforementioned dogs and cows.,As I walked around I often happened upon groups of people dressed in traditional Nepalese garb and performing traditional dances in the streets and market squares.,Part of the reason I was there during Tihar was that it is a Hindu festival that Nepalese Christians do not celebrate. During that period, we held a week-long conference or camp for Nepalese teenagers and young adults from throughout the western part of the country.,We had the privilege of enjoying their music, seeing their beautiful, colorful clothing and experiencing the heights of hospitality from them.,The young people of Nepal are generally like the young people from anywhere else. They want to build a life, they want to have a family and they want peace and prosperity in their country. They were kind and generous to us, but they were often shy to come and speak to us.,I found out later this is because even though they learn English, there are not many opportunities for them to practice it and so they can feel a bit insecure, just as a typical American person might feel in a Spanish-speaking country.,One of the most fun and unique memories I have from my time in Kohalpur is that each morning, the church leaders would pick up my friend and I on motorcycles and drive us to the place where they were meeting.,I clung to the back of a Nepalese pastor as we flew down unpaved roads and back alleys on a motorcycle that was probably twenty years old. It was an experience that I doubt many other people on planet Earth have had.,Seeing all the things that a tourist does not see, however, has a twinge of sadness to it. Kohalpur, like many parts of Nepal, is very poor. It is beautiful, the food is wonderful, the people were gracious and the culture was fascinating and different.,However, the fact remains that poverty is endemic there. The many unfinished roads, buildings and minimal amenities were witness to this.,It was a privilege to serve the people in Nepal as I had the opportunity to do so, but I learned far more from them than they ever did from me. In the four months that have passed since my visit, I have recommended a visit to Nepal to everyone I know. Today I would recommend it highly still.,Nevertheless, a visit to Nepal is not like a visit to other places. If you go hiking or to see ancient sites, these are wonderful reasons to travel. But Banke is for those who want to see and experience a different side of Nepalese culture and witness the culture firsthand.,It is a beautiful window into a different way of life.,Ready to plan your truly unique journey to Kohalpur, Nepal? Start planning with insider tips on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews, shopping recommendations and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the best flight deals, train tickets and car rental options, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,Find the best eco-friendly, weather-resistant and travel sneakers at Allbirds. Whether you are looking for a stylish go-to shoe or the most comfortable and durable sneakers, Allbirds has a top-rated selection for you here.,Be sure to be aware of any medical travel restrictions, which the CDC notes: https://wwwnc.cdc.gov/travel/destinations/traveler/none/nepal,Nepal’s travel website is also quite helpful: https://www.welcomenepal.com/,Author Bio: William B. Bowes is a writer and mental health counselor in Boston, Massachusetts.,New ‘Eclectic Aegean’ Cruise Visits Greek Islands and also Istanbul and Ancient Troy,Don’t ask me the names of the songs, but all I know is I can’t get the melodic twangs of the Greek bouzouki out of my head. The bouzouki is the six- or eight-stringed lute instrument – double-stringed like a 12-string guitar – that’s the basis for the unmistakable “Zorba the Greek”-like tunes plucked by the lounge band that I’ve been hearing all week during our Celestyal Crystal cruise in Greece.,And on Greek night, after a themed love story performance with traditional Greek dances and costumes, passengers storm the stage area to sing and dance Greek style – well, sort of.,“They want to feel Greek, and even if it’s difficult for them, they’ll still try to do it,” says Tereza Alerizou, the assistant cruise director.  “Most of the guests don’t understand Greek. But it doesn’t matter. The idea is to get in the mood, shout “opa” and put your hands up and dance.”,The Crystal is one of Celestyal Cruises’ two medium-sized ships that sail the Aegean and Mediterranean seas. As the only Greece-based major cruise line, Celestyal prides itself on full cultural immersion.,Onboard classes include cooking lessons to make cheesy tiropitas or how to follow the graceful steps of the circular, hand-holding Kalamatianós folk dancing.,Through onboard lectures, I learn of the health benefits of omega fatty acids in extra virgin olive oil, and about the supervolcano that formed Santorini’s scenic cliff-sided caldera after a mighty eruption around 1600 B.C. sank half of the island into the Aegean’s briny depths. I learn about Crete’s ancient Minoan culture, and how the teachings of Socrates and Plato more than 2,000 years ago remain good advice today.,Yet on the first stop on the Celestyal cruise, I see the medieval Galata Tower from my stateroom window – yes, Istanbul. That’s because I’m on Celestyal’s new seven-night “Eclectic Aegean” cruise that debuted in the fall of 2019 with a return to Istanbul and also to Çanakkale, Turkey, where shore excursions depart to the World War I Gallipoli battlefields and to the ruins of ancient Troy.,Eclectic’s Greece stops include Santorini, Mykonos and Heraklion, Crete, and also to Volos on the mainland to visit the soaring hilltop monasteries of Metéora.,“Turkey and Greece have a long history between them,”  Alerizou says. “With Istanbul, Greece and even ancient Byzantium, it all comes together. It’s all history, so you can see how it was, what happened and how it is now.”,In Istanbul, I visit the bustling Eminönü port where vendors sell steaming apple tea and grill chestnuts atop smoky kiosks. It’s where ferries chug from the city’s European shores to its Asia side and up the Bosporus Strait to the Black Sea.,I see fishermen cast their lines from atop the Galata Bridge that crosses over the Golden Horn waterway with its natural harbor, where Byzantine and Ottoman fleets once anchored.,Today, 21st-century skyscrapers juxtaposed with the sky-piercing minarets of bulbous mosques dot this magnificent skyline, reminding me of what French Emperor Napoléon Bonaparte once said of this historic crossroads: “If the Earth were a single state, Constantinople would be its capital.”,“Istanbul is so exciting because different traditions and cultures have come together and existed side by side,” explains onboard lecturer Caroline Mellow who holds daily lectures on the locations visited during the cruise. “So many have tried to conquer it and it’s still thriving, and still such a wonderful place to be.”,A short walk from Eminönü leads to the multi-domed Hagia Sofia and Blue Mosque in the Sultanahmet district. First a church built during Byzantium in the 6th century, conquering Ottomans converted the Hagia Sofia into a mosque in the 15th century.,Today it’s one of Istanbul’s most popular museums with both Muslim and Christian features including the minbar pulpit and restored Byzantine mosaics that sparkle in the daylight.,I also visit the dark and musty subterranean Basilica Cistern with its mostly Corinthian and Ionic temple-like columns that once held 100,000 tons of water as a reservoir. Today, it’s one of the city’s most unusual attractions and an underground venue for concerts., I make a final stop at the L-shaped Spice Bazaar overflowing with Turkish saffron, apple and orange tea, and tubs of dried fruit and nuts. But it’s the Turkish delights or lokum coated with powdered sugar I want, leaving with several boxes to take home. ,Back onboard the Celestyal cruise, I dine in the  Olympus Restaurant, which specializes in Greek and Mediterranean cuisine. On the menu this night: leg of lamb with roasted peppers, or stuffed cabbage with avgolemono sauce, all with oregano- and lemon-spiced potatoes. My server offers me Greek wine as well – 2013 Domain Mega Spileo Grand Cave Dry Red, in fact, recommended with roasted lamb dishes.,The next day at Çanakkale, we visit the solemn World War I battlefields on the Gallipoli Peninsula off the Dardanelles Strait. Plaques on stone walls along with waterside grassy patches, some of them cemeteries, describe the yearlong 1915 battle in which British and Allied forces failed to advance on to Istanbul and to open up the Dardanelles as a supply route to Russia.,They were defeated by the Turks defending their homeland, with a monument to Col. Mustafa Kemal, later known as Atatürk, the father of modern Turkey., ,A short drive and return ferry ride across the Dardanelles in the afternoon bring us to the ruins of Troy, which many believe was the site of Homer’s epic, “The Iliad.” A wooden Trojan horse is a reminder of the tale where the ancient Greeks stormed Troy to retrieve their kidnapped princess Helen.,Little of this supposed history, however, can be seen in Troy today as the archeological site with a crumbling maze of redbrick and stone walls instead reveals more than 4,000 years of settlements broken down into 11 time periods.,“The expectations are a little high,” warns Turkish tour guide Ercan Yavuz. “After the movies and books, visitors think they’re going to find a magnificent city. They should be really patient and have a tour guide.”,The Trojan War as described by Homer took place around the 13th century B.C., with ruins from close to that time period including the foundations of the grand Pillar House, possibly a palace. A museum houses pottery, ax heads, bone needles and other artifacts from the site.,At Volos, my shore excursion takes me about two hours inland to a group of medieval monasteries perched atop stunning sandstone towers at Metéora. Yes, there’s a lot of climbing involved as stairwells lead up to the monasteries’ small icon-filled chapels, balconies and lookouts with sweeping views of the valleys below.,Of the area’s six main monastic communities, we visit two, including Rousanou dating to 1527, atop a narrow rocky spine and with the Last Judgment fresco among many others in its chapels.,Our remaining shore excursions are to the Greek Islands. The partially restored ruins of the stone complex, the Palace of Knossós, are the highlight of my stop at Heraklion (Irákleio), Crete’s capital and largest city.,The ruins offer a glimpse of the island’s ancient Minoan society dating to about 1900 B.C.  The red-walled Throne Room, the Royal Apartments with their replica fresco of dolphins, and frescos of women reveal a sophisticated society with art, beauty and fashion.,“The frescos are so stylish and immaculately put together that I think on the red carpet they could give the Kardashians a run for their money when it comes to posing,” says lecturer Mellow. Original frescos and other Minoan artifacts are housed in the Heraklion Archeological Museum. ,Finally seeing Santorini and Mykonos is a dream come true. Although our stops there on this cruise are only a half-day at each port of call, it’s just enough time to get an idea of the islands’ beauty for first-time visitors like me. In Santorini’s town of Oía, it seems I waited all my life to snap photos of the cliffside blue church domes that vividly accent the whitewashed structures seen in iconic island images.,Our visit to Mykonos is in the evening, allowing  me explore the nightlife in town  and along the waterfront known as Little Venice. Walking the town’s cobbled narrow streets and seeing the half dozen or so 16th-century windmills is also a thrill.   ,“Mykonos is not only parties and windmills, it has excellent different kinds of cheese that you do not find on any other of the islands,” Alerizou tells me back on the ship. “Crete has some of the best olive oils.”,In fact, that’s apparently what Celestyal cruise has in mind with its new partnership with Diane Kochilas, creator and co-host of PBS’ “My Greek Table” and a New York Times leading cookbook author.,Starting with an October 2020 Eclectic cruise, Kochilas will host cooking demonstrations onboard and will also lead culinary-themed shore excursions on Mykonos, Crete, Santorini and Volos, stopping in at restaurants, shops and markets for a look at how regions influence the different flavors of Greek cuisine.,“Whenever you travel someplace, you want to experience a culture as realistically and authentically as you can. Food is a great conduit – it’s the most immediate expression of culture,” said Kochilas, when interviewed at the 2020 New York Times Travel Show.,“I’d like to incorporate dishes that are local from port to port. Passengers may have already eaten something on Crete or Rhodes or Corfu, so maybe they’ll seek out a Cretan olive oil, or a sesame confection or a wine that they may not find in the United States to take back home with them.”,All of Celestyal’s Greek Island, Eclectic Aegean and its new “Three Continents” cruises depart from the Port of Piraeus, less than 10 kilometers (about 6 miles) southwest of Athens.,Eclectic cruises sail in the spring and fall shoulder seasons, with the next round of sailings from April 4 until May 9, 2020, when temperatures are mild, crowds fewer onshore excursions, and with still many sunny days complementing crisp sea breezes and clear island views.,Because of Celestyal’s midsized ships, the 162-meter-long (531-feet) Crystal and the 215-meter (705 feet) Olympia, passengers are fewer, thus promoting a closer relationship with crew members. , “It helps bring everyone together to feel more comfortable, like a family,” says Alerizou. “We don’t make cocktails with rowboats, but guests know each of us and we like it that way.”,For more information: https://www.celestyalcruises.com/en/cruises,Thanks for sharing a great place and wonderful post.,Hi… Richard’s very nice blog written by you In about Turkey and Greece lots of places attract its very useful information for me.
A lot of Thanks for Information,Thanks for the kind note!
Richard Varr,For artist Larry Norton, a lifetime of expeditions and experience in Africa has yielded inspiring artworks of Africa.,Many of us are waiting with bated breath for our Earth to regain some normalcy after the COVID-19  lockdowns.,We dream of a day when restrictions can be lifted, and we are able to explore and connect with the far-off places of our world once more.,In the meantime, you can sit back and be inspired for your next African safari by the work of African artist, Larry Norton. His work will transport you virtually, to the dusty savannas and teeming herds of Africa’s wild places. ,Larry was born in Zimbabwe and grew up on a farm resting at the base of the Great Dyke range. He began drawing as a young boy, learning from his grandmother who gave him his very first set of oil paints. Hunting and fishing trips to the Zambezi Valley with his parents sparked a love of nature for Larry that has burned throughout his entire life and a habit that likely resulted in his many expeditions in later life. ,After receiving the Catasus Medal (the Society of Animal Artists most prestigious award) he began his career under the generous mentorship of the late Simon Combes (1940 – 2004). Combes helped Larry master his skill with oil paints resulting in a series of exhibitions held in galleries in New York and London. He now has an established Gallery in the iconic Victoria Falls Hotel, Zimbabwe, The Larry Norton Gallery.,Larry’s work has taken him all over Africa, whether doing fieldwork or gathering materials during lengthy and precarious expeditions. A yearlong trip in a light aircraft with bush pilot Tom Claytor in 1991 led him through eighteen countries across North, East and West Africa during some particularly politically unstable times.,His exploration of the continent continued as he traveled the length of the Zambezi river, during the filming of National Geographic’s “Life of the Zambezi, from its Source to the Sea.” He has continued with many field trips in and around Southern Africa. These include several journeys to photograph and sketch the Okavango Delta, trekking deep within Botawana’s Moremi national park and kayaking the Lugenda river in Northern Mozambique. ,Today he lives in the cozy town of Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe, stationed between two national parks and the waterfall itself. When he is not in the studio Larry can usually be found kayaking the Zambezi rapids or escaping into the surrounding bush. His work does follow him home however, as a herd of warthogs have recently taken to pushing their way under his fence to visit the artist for a snack and scratch every couple of days. ,Larry continues to capture the infinite moments of rugged beauty that his home provides, each brushstroke showing us what can be created if you truly love your subject matter. He undertakes commissions and sells fine art prints on canvas as well as a full gift range which are on display in the gallery. Follow his work on Insta Larry Norton and Facebook Larry Norton Art.,In early 2020 good friends had walked into the rain forest adjacent to the Falls and saw a leopard. The following morning in the pouring rain I went there to search for signs.,As the mist, rain and spray combined to create this mystical atmosphere, it was easy to picture a feline apparition on the edge of the chasm. Days later, we found spoor nearby to picture a feline apparition on the edge of the chasm. Days later we found spoor nearby.,A legendary tusker of the wilds of Gonarezhou, this iconic bull was found and collared in 1979. By 1980 he had disappeared under suspicious circumstances. He inhabited the slopes of the Nyamatongwe massif, seen in the painting, and the area surrounding Benji’s spring. This painting celebrates this magnificent bull.,It’s late afternoon on a channel on the Upper Zambezi River, not far from Victoria Falls. A leopard reclines on a palm covered sand bank, lord of all he surveys.,This massive painting of the Victoria Falls, one of the seven wonders of the world, was completed in 2019. Double rainbows, and a diffused central rainbow emphasized the exceptional beauty of this place.,An elephant bull feeds on Cataract Island, a pair of bushbucks browse on the lip of Devil’s Cataract and trumpeter Hornbills traverse the thundering abyss. This place of haunting beauty and exquisite light has long been described as a place of angels. ,Woow. Great view. Thanks,Start planning now if you want to attend the popular Day of the Dead Celebration in Oaxaca, Mexico. Don’t miss these helpful travel tips.,The paint brush in Rosario’s hand dripped bright red and I winced as she moved in close to my face during the Day of the Dead celebration in Oaxaca, Mexico.,I could feel the cold liquid sweep across my eyelid, under my eye and around it. I had no clue how this ‘makeover’ would turn out.,It would cost me only 75 pesos, (US$ 3.50) but it had to be finished before our nighttime visit to the cemetery in Xoxocotlan outside of Oaxaca. I had requested ‘Medio’- the one-sided face-painting option because it signified honor to both the living and the dead.,The cosmetic artist grabbed large fake, diamond-like rounds and pushed them into place around my eye.,A brush that oozed in harsh black paint zeroed in to coat my nose. A few more strokes and Rosario stood back to admire her work on my calavera face.,As I looked at the mirrored image of half a skull, with colorful facial decoration over white-based skin for the Dia de los Muertos event, ideas of how to blast the paint off at night’s end festered in my mind.,Next, my husband nervously prepared for his facial transformation into a catrin, the male version of a catrina, a human figure in skeletal form, seen at every turn during Day of the Dead.,In the early 20th century, Mexican political cartoonist Jose’ Guadalupe Posada created a series of skeleton caricatures, known as Posada’s Calaveras and Catrinas to mock rich Mexican socialites.,“Todos somos calaveras,” he said. “We are all skeletons−underneath man-made trappings, we are all the same.”,What is the Day of the Dead (Día de los Muertos)? It’s a multi-day Mexican holiday when people honor their friends and family who have died with prayers and remembrances.,In 1948, Mexican artist Diego Rivera painted a calavera-faced woman representing his wife, Frida Kahlo, dressed in fancy clothes and furs in his iconic mural, Dream of a Sunday Afternoon in Alameda Park. This image of death, la catrina, became the most universal symbol of Mexico’s Day of the Dead celebration.,The pockets of Rosario’s smock bulged with 100 peso bills. At her annual ‘money making’ event, she had to create ‘dead-faces’ non-stop during the three day-affair. Come November 3rd, her cash flow would dry up quicker than her paint brushes.,Tourists, eager to interact with mourners who sat vigil from midnight until daybreak at the grave sites of their departed relatives, hoped the Mexican families might accept the foreigners’ intrusion if they looked the part.,Even though we live in Mexico as expatriates, we joined the throngs who had come to observe the Mexican Dia de los Muertos, photograph the locals’ preparation for the return of dead souls.,Infringe upon each family’s personal space around the grave sites and with no harmful intent, disturb the faithful with our gawking.,You’ll need to start planning now if you want to visit during the Day of the Dead. Annual Day of the Dead observation in Oaxaca, Mexico from Oct. 31 to Nov. 2 attracts the largest number of world-wide visitors.,It’s a mixture of pre-Hispanic celebration of Death and the Catholic feast of All Saints Day on Nov. 1 and All Souls Day on Nov. 2.,Other cities throughout the country follow the traditions, but travelers who have selected Oaxaca should expect hordes of companions, both living and dead.,Since the 2018 Academy Award-winning animated film, Coco by Pixar Studios, revealed the story of Oaxaca’s Dia de los Muertos, the number of tourists to this year’s event quadrupled.  ,Every flight was overbooked, and anyone without reserved accommodations could be seen dragging suitcases looking for a room.,In our boutique hotel, La Casona Oaxaca, a block from the central square, we met travelers from China, Thailand, Japan, and in-country voyeurs such as ourselves from Guadalajara.,Local Mexican mourners have accepted the blitz of foreign spectators. Their sacrifice of privacy has led to a peso-rich explosion of the region’s economy, with the infusion of millions of tourist dollars pouring into the city.,Onlookers spare no expense to participate in events at cemeteries throughout the area and enjoy repasts of Oaxaca delicacies like pollo mole in Central Plaza upscale restaurants.,Banners of wild orange and pink cut-out tissue paper called papel picado crisscrossed all the streets and the intoxicating aroma of copal incense filled the air. It was a bright, colorful, exciting party at every turn.,As I watched eager cemetery goers wait for a proper painted-face, I couldn’t help comparing this festive bash to our 2015 experience of the Day of Dead celebration in Patzquaro in Mexico’s state of Michoacán.,Calavera painted-faces missing, reverent, somber and respectful reflections took place at graveyards located on many of the remote islands situated on Lake Patzquaro.,Every year, indigenous people from the surrounding countryside travel to the lake’s shores, pile into canoes and paddle to isolated islands where their loved ones are buried.  ,We stopped briefly at Janitzio, the largest and closest island to shore which resembled Oaxaca with its commercialization. Tourists swigged tequila, crowded the main street leading to the cemetery, and danced to live music along the way.,Dizzied by the pandemonium, we sped away across the lake to a tiny, sparsely populated island, an hour’s boat ride away.,Upon docking at the isle’s pier, we climbed steep steps to the entrance of the sacred graveyard where the faithful pushed wheelbarrows full of adornments.  I loved sitting with families around well-prepared resting places from midnight until 4 am.,A cold mist rose eerily from the lake into the dark November night sky and bundled relatives huddled together on blankets covering the hard, damp earth.,Observers numbered an inconspicuous 30. We brought offerings of candles and pan de muertos, round sweet breads made especially to help lure the souls back home. A vegetable-based painted calavera, called a carita had been baked in the bread’s center and it is this icon that authenticates every loaf.,We shared the pan with families and listened to their stories told in Spanish about the persons whose spirits they awaited. I remembered the intimacy I felt with the mourners and the mystical connection to Mexico’s unique interpretation of death.,The sound of a brass band jolted my attention back to the crazy, loud revelry of Oaxaca’s rendition of Day of the Dead. The Central Plaza remained the focal point for non-stop activity throughout the three days.,From 9 am until midnight, parades called calendas, lined with comparsas, the name given to costumed children, teens, and adults, all wearing calavera-painted faces followed small enclaves of trumpeters, trombonists and drummers around the square.,Each time we heard toots of horns, we’d rush to that corner to see the stilt-walkers, huge balloon carriers, large puppets, street dancers and Oaxaca residents embracing their celebration.,Vendors set up stands throughout the central area, selling painted carved skulls made of wood or hardened sugar called calacas for additional adornments on the graves. Bright yellow and orange marigolds, cempasuchiltes, lined the flower beds around the square, making the entire area glow in a bath of warm hues.,The marigolds represent the aura that acts as a beacon to guide the souls back to their burial plots and every gravesite overflows with bunches of them, along with magenta, brush-like cockscombs.,Intricately detailed public altars, requiring intense labor to construct, popped up throughout Oaxaca City.,Dedicated to important deceased leaders and community dignitaries, the altars made of thousands of bright flowers, candles and calaveras delighted tourists ambling about on the traffic banned streets.,Mesmerized by the process, I watched with fascination as young Oaxaca students completed an enormous altar dedicated to missed professors.,Residents of most Mexican communities that celebrate Day of the Dead erect private altars in their homes, decorated with personal effects of those being remembered, but in Oaxaca, the public displays capture the interest of the masses.,An endless stream of cars, taxis, vans, buses, motorcycles, and primitive carts hanging together with nuts and bolts clogged the road to the cemetery at Xoxocotlan. Entangled in this moving mass of metal, we inched along. A 20-minute trip turned into two hours and parking became a challenge.,We happily walked a half mile in the frosty evening to the panteὀn, carrying offerings of wilted marigolds, a loaf of pan de muertos and votive candles.,We held onto our excitement of the experience, despite the thousands who came for the same reason. A rock band played loud, Mexican music outside the entrance.,Inside we shuffled along the conveyor belt of humans moving through the concrete aisles between the tombstones. Bakers selling everything from food to fireworks created pockets of chaos among the confusion.,Many of the grave sites were elaborately, fashioned with flowers, favorite food of the departed and candles to brighten the way home for the souls. Families sat on chairs around the sacred mounds, toasting with tequila or corn-mash pulque.,A grave, with scant decorations and a single female mourner by its side, caught my attention. I laid my bundle of meager offerings on the newly overturned earth. She touched my hand and whispered “Gracias.”,Our goal here had been achieved. As midnight approached, we squeaked through openings in the throngs of oncoming crowds toward the exit. It was time to move on to the oldest cemetery in the Oaxaca area, Atzompa, a tiny village on the outskirts of the city.,Leaving the ‘big tourist draw’ happened to be our godsend as we left the hordes behind. Vendors selling cempasuchitles along the road guided the way.,A distinctly different Day of the Dead atmosphere unfolded. Definitely a graveyard rather than cemetery, this ancient panteὀn viejo in Atzompa had no squared-off rows.,Tombstones dotted the area in a haphazard, dig where there’s space, pattern. Of course, a smidge of raucousness was required, as a band prepared their instruments on the cemetery’s fringe and a neon-lighted, miniature Ferris wheel planted in between two mounds entertained the children.,Meter-high candles lined each grave site. As I squeezed passed side-by-side graves, the fear of catching on fire gave me more fright than the eerie feeling of the night.,The aura of this ancient site felt magical, hallowed, and strangely alive with the very souls expected to return. I loved the atmosphere and the energy of the families guarding their precious ground.,Whether the choice is the festive party or the quiet, reverent tribute to the dead, there can be no other suggestion than to choose one and to go and experience it. Mexico’s Day of the Dead celebration is really a Night for the Living and these Mexican souls live it to the fullest.,If Day of the Dead observation anywhere in Mexico is on your bucket list, make flight and hotel reservations at least 6 months in advance. Nine months is preferable if you want to be able to stay near the square in Oaxaca where the action unfolds and excitement stirs.,Small boutique inns will arrange group excursions to the cemeteries on any of the three nights, Oct. 31- Nov. 2. Our hotel, La Casona had arranged transportation for 12 guests to travel together to the cemeteries.,Otherwise, tour guides roam about the square and offer packages to visit Day of the Dead events which can be booked on the spot. Outside the city, points of interest abound. Visits to the ruins of Monte Alban archaeological site, center of 8th century Zapotec and Mixtec culture, can be arranged by tour or by public bus or taxi.,Villages surrounding Oaxaca, each concentrating on only one artisan craft, provide days of wonder and education as tourists can observe the art of weaving rugs in Teotitlan del Valle, the process of producing black pottery in San Bartolo Coyotepec, or the magic of the public market in Ocotlan.,Public buses can be taken to each town, or tours can be arranged to take in as many sites as one wishes to visit.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric fieldwork in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,A Nile cruise is a great way to see many of Egypt’s tops sights and attractions like those in Luxor and Aswan easily and comfortably.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Just prior to Covid, I decided to take a longed-for cruise on the Nile, between Luxor and Aswan. There are many cruise ships that offer a 4 or 5-day exploration of this fascinating part of Egypt. I simply chose one and took an hour-long flight from Cairo to Luxor to begin my Nile cruise.  ,A Nile River cruise is one of the most popular ways to see the ancient sights of Egypt as many of the attractions are located right along the river’s shores. ,At night, many of these temples and monuments are illuminated. The sight of them from the water is especially breathtaking and magical.,Since I had already visited Cairo, I had been to the city’s fascinating and educational Egyptian Museum and the nearby Great Pyramids of Giza.,Therefore, upon my arrival in Luxor by plane, I was immediately struck by the contrasting landscape. Cairo’s desert and debris were now replaced by a greener, cleaner, more fertile area.,The desert was still nearby, but there were crops of alfalfa, wheat, cabbage and sugar cane.  As we sailed the Nile, we could see cattle and water buffalo grazing along the banks of the river.,While on our cruise, several of us participated in a “Galabeya Party” aboard our boat. We were encouraged to purchase a traditional loose-fitting Egyptian garment and enjoy the traditional music and join in the fun. ,There was also time to read about our Nile cruise itinerary. Each day was a dream come true for historically minded travelers, as we visited many of Egypt’s major attractions.,At the beginning of the trip, at Luxor, I toured the East Bank and visited both the Karnak Temple and the Luxor Temple. These two magnificent structures are located just over a mile apart and are linked by a line of sphinxes. These structures were built in what was then the ancient city of Thebes (now Luxor). ,The Karnak Temple is the larger of the two.  It’s actually more like a village, for it has several temples and chapels within the complex. I just couldn’t grasp how such a gigantic, ancient structure could still be in such great condition.,Especially as I was informed, by my guide, that there was a lot of flooding and erosion in this area over the centuries. However, I also learned that that hundreds of tons of mud and silt were removed to get the complex as it’s now seen.,I was especially impressed by the well-preserved ancient-colored ceilings and the intricate carvings displayed on the walls and pillars. Similarly, the nearby Luxor Temple is another large complex that was built centuries ago.,The gigantic statues, obelisks and hall of pillars were intriguing., After my tour of the East Bank, my first major stop on the West Bank of Luxor was at the Valley of the Kings. This is the burial place of the ancient pharaohs.,Although most of the tombs are not open to the public, and the valuables have already been removed by ancient tomb raiders, it’s still definitely worthwhile to visit at least one of them.,The most famous tomb to visit is that of King Tut and the most popular of the tombs is that of King Ramses IX. In one of the tombs that I visited I encountered a steep descent of 192 steps.,I marveled at the beautifully decorated walls and ceilings. I then, of course, had to ascend these stairs back up to the surface.,Close to the Valley of the Kings is the Temple of Hatshepsut, a masterpiece of ancient architecture.  It has three massive terraces that rise up above the desert floor and into the limestone cliffs.,Not far away is yet another marvel: two gigantic stone statues that are known as the Colossus of Memnon. ,These twin statues depict Pharaoh Amenhotep III in a seated position, with smaller figures of his wife and his mother. These stone statues originally stood guard at a large temple complex.,However, the statues are now quite damaged by time and the complex has basically disappeared.,After exploring Luxor, we cruised to Edfu and visited the Temple of Edfu,  also known as the Temple of Horus. It’s also well preserved and I was especially drawn to the many Horace statues.,These included several of Horus as a falcon and even Horace as a sun disc that’s protected by two cobras. I also viewed the blackened ceiling from cooking that still remained within the temple and the temple’s fascinating lotus columns.,As we continued our cruise on the Nile we went from Edfu to Kom Ombo.  Here we visited the Temple of Kom Ombo, which is often referred to as the Crocodile Temple. ,The nickname is due to its location at a bend in the Nile where crocodiles were often known to bask in the sun. The temple is dedicated to both Sobek, the local crocodile god, and to Horace. There’s also a Crocodile Museum here as well as a large Crocodile Cemetery.,We finally arrived at Aswan, our cruise destination point where we boarded a Nubian motorboat to get to the nearby island of Agilkia. Here we visited the Philae Temple, which is also known as the Temple of Isis.,It used to be located on the nearby island of Philae (thus the temple’s name), but the temple and shrines were painstakingly dismantled, moved and reconstructed on Agilkia.,This was done because the Aswan Dam flooded Philae and it was decided to move it in order to preserve this beautiful complex.,While in Aswan, I’d recommend learning about Nubian culture in the Nubian Museum.  Many of these people were disrupted from their villages with the building of the Aswan Dam and the creation of Lake Nasser.,Additionally, I’d suggest a visit to the dam itself and to one of the new Nubian villages that emerged after the dam was built. I decided to add on such a trip while in Aswan, so I boarded a motorboat with a guide and visited one of the very colorful villages located near the Aswan Dam.  ,We passed by Kitchener Island (where the Aswan Botanical Gardens can be visited), the Tombs of the Nobles and the Aga Khan Mausoleum. Also, the Cataract Hotel (where Agatha Christie wrote part of her mystery novel, Death on the Nile) and a nice beach (where tourists can ride into the Nubian village via camel). ,While in the village, I checked out its famous Crocodile House and spice market.,For More Information:  www.luxorandaswan.com/en/Egypt/nile-cruises; www.egypt.travel,Author’s Bio: John is a freelance travel writer and photographer who enjoys travelling the world and writing about his adventures. He has written weekly travel features for a group of community newspapers, presented several travelogues, and is the author of two major cycling books: “Cycling Canada” and “Cycling the USA”,Two hikers on the Devisadero Peak Trail near Taos find much more than wildflowers and panoramic views while hiking in New Mexico.,Wispy clouds laced the New Mexico sky, three miles east of Taos, on that steamy summer day. I imagined a cool breeze enveloping us at 8,304 feet once we climbed to Devisadero Peak.,Touted as moderately difficult, this trail looped past wildflowers and panoramic views of Taos, the Rio Grande Gorge and San Antonio Mountain.,But I sensed this would be no ordinary hike when my husband asked a blind man for directions to the trailhead.,On the advice of the Taos Visitors Bureau, my husband, Dan, and I had parked at El Nogal Picnic Area, crossed Highway 64, and looked for the entrance to the trail.,We kicked through thistle and switchgrass, but found no signs or arrows pointing the way. Between the trees, we spotted a tall guy being led by a guide dog heading in our direction.,They seemed to be the only souls around. Dan asked the man if he and his walking companion could steer us to the trailhead.,“Follow us,” he said, “we’re going that way now.” He was a muscular man, about 65 or older, wearing a U2 rock band t-shirt that read: PAINT THE WORLD YOU NEED TO SEE.,Despite his handicap, he took long, confident strides over the pebble-strewn path. I wondered if he’d hiked this trail before.,I wanted to learn more about him and his blond Labrador retriever, but they took off at a brisk clip once we reached the trailhead.,My quick ‘thank you’ disappeared into hazy mugginess.,Dan and I checked the lacings on our boots and shoved our two 20-ounce water bottles into my knapsack. No more than 2.5 hours for this six-mile hike, I figured.,I pondered the words on the blind man’s shirt while admiring scarlet paintbrush and scaly pinyon pines on either side of the trail.,Branches of the shaggy-bark junipers twisted gently in the wind. Could the paintings in the man’s mind possibly match the beauty before us?,A few hardy souls biked past us on the ascent negotiating sharp rocks and prickly pear cacti in spots no one would choose to fall.,We trudged up a steep, ankle-twisting stretch, and were rewarded soon with a mesmerizing view of Taos tucked into the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. The name, Devisadero, means lookout point.,From its peak, Taos Pueblo Indians of centuries past stood guard against marauding Apaches, Utes, Kiowas and Comanches riding through the canyon.,The trail echoed with songbirds and the rustling of spiny lizards in the brush. I could feel a gritty, raw wildness with each step as if venturing into uncharted territory.,Days earlier, Dan and I had hiked miles of trails in Colorado’s Rocky Mountains where most paths were clearly marked and well-traveled.,Here, in the land of enchantment, signs were scarce. There was less to detract from the rugged landscape and allure, but greater odds of getting lost.,About a quarter of a mile from the trailhead, Dan and I reached a fork. Our guide with the U2 T-shirt had recommended the right fork, the more direct path to the peak.,Save the switchbacks along the ridgeline for the descent, he had said.,Dan dug out the Visitor Bureau’s map from his dusty cargo shorts. After studying it for a minute, he waved us to the right.,Chuckling to myself, I resisted teasing him about his dependence on maps. We were on a designated trail, so why not follow our hearts?,The higher we climbed, the more rocks and loose gravel we scrambled up. I grabbed tree branches and roots to balance myself, wondering if I’d stumble on snakes, iguanas or other wildlife in the dense undergrowth.,These sturdy leather boots, I thought, offered protection in the event of a foot-stomping emergency. It was the altitude and humidity, however, that was making my head spin and mouth go dry.,I wiped the back of my neck with a bandanna, and tossed off the knapsack.,“Let’s recharge for a minute,” I said, handing Dan a water bottle with a snack pack of almonds.,I slugged down a few gulps from the other bottle. “What were we thinking not to keep our water chilled? This is freakin’ bath water!”,Dan laughed, the twinkle in his eye saying he was dreaming of ice-cold Coronas at the end of the trail.,“We’ve made it halfway,” he said. “The peak is about a quarter of a mile from the mesquite trees on the right,” he pointed, glancing at the map.,Ten minutes later, we were keeping strides with a pair of hikers who said they were training to walk the 500-mile El Camino de Santiago, a spiritual path that stretches from St. Jean Pied de Port, France to Santiago de Compostela, Spain.,I didn’t admit to Lynn and Ed that we shared the same aspirations. The couple was middle-aged, like us, but looked as fit as Olympians. We all walked with determined steps as we reached the peak.,We snapped a couple of selfies with a kaleidoscopic view over our shoulders. God’s masterful touch reflected in every direction, from the artfully-carved Rio Grande Gorge to the rugged symmetry of the Wheeler Peak Wilderness area.,His divine presence was felt all around us. I bent down close to a purple bellflower, and inhaled its delicate sweetness. Now I was ready for the descent.,Lynn and Ed shot us a thumbs up as they hustled down the path. I stood by the ridgeline, stunned by how steep and twisty it looked.,Dan read the apprehension in my eyes, and asked if my right knee was up to the challenge. Downhill climbing was more difficult for me with that knee, as sports through the years had worn away the cartilage.,But I didn’t want to ruin the spirit of our adventure.,“I’ll be fine,” I smiled, as I envisioned mastering the descent in record time. The trails in Colorado had strengthened my muscles and self-confidence for greater goals.,Dan winked and stayed close, extending his hand while I stretched over jagged pieces of rock, moss-covered tree stumps, and craggy shelves of stone. Not that I needed help, but his emotional boosts moved me forward.,The miles passed. Fine particles of dust covered my boots and clothes and traveled to my throat, making it dry. I yearned for a cold drink.,We’d now been traipsing through the wilderness for 3.5 hours, already an hour more than expected for the whole hike. Dan’s pace was dragging, too, so I called a water break.,An oblong-shaped boulder shaded by two cottonwoods seemed a natural place to rest. My right arm tingled with sunburn as I raised a water bottle to my lips.,As fast as I sipped, I spit it out. “Geeez, now the water burns like a cup of tea! I hope we’re getting close to the trailhead. I could drink a bucket of ice water, couldn’t you? Maybe bathe in it!”,Dan looked more serious than amused. It was the same look he wore when our car tires got stuck in an Irish bog.,In this instance, we’d chosen a downhill path as steep as the black diamond trails I had skied in my 20’s. Each of us had less than a quarter of a bottle left of water, and my right knee was aching.,The guy with the U2 T-shirt had said this trail was shorter than the one we had ascended. So why were we the only hikers at 3:30 in the afternoon? I looked around and saw complete wilderness, and realized we had fallen off the map.,Signs pointing the way had disappeared a while ago. We continued to teeter down the rocky trail as carefully as tightrope walkers.,Minutes later, we found ourselves on a grassy slope with towering pines and nothing but animal tracks to follow.,Dan and I wandered in circles looking for a trail or a way out, but all we saw were Douglas firs in one direction and a ridge of scattered rocks and twisted roots in another.,I imagined the temperature would drop quite a bit by sundown. Not the most desirable place to spend the night.,Dan was an Eagle scout, but that was of little comfort knowing we hadn’t packed proper gear for what was expected to be a leisurely six-mile hike.,My feet felt like we’d already covered 10 miles. And we had set out from the trailhead five hours ago.,Through a gap in the trees, I spotted something move. I looked closer, and was surprised to see a road straight down from where we stood.,I estimated the distance to be a drop of a thousand feet with narrow ledges and desert plants in between. Dan also spotted the road, and together we scoured the brush for a route down.,That’s when I noticed the pistachio nut shells. Not just random shells here and there, but a trail of them leading off to the right. My heart wanted to believe this was the way out. Dan doggedly tried to find where we were on the map.,We followed the shells along a graveled path for several hundred feet, wondering if a fellow hiker had marked the way for those adrift like us.,The distance between shells increased after a mile, and their trail became spotty. Still, I felt safer by the minute. Even if I didn’t see a single shell more, I sensed we were getting closer to the road or to a way out.,Thirty minutes later, we stumbled upon a clear path to the road as we emerged from the wild. Dan’s face glistened in the heat, and my toes felt blistery in my boots.,Yet, all we craved was water. We crossed the highway, tumbled into our car, and headed for the nearest cantina.,Soon, in the heart of Taos’s historic district, Dan and I gravitated to the adobe-style exterior of Doc Martin’s Restaurant.,We walked through the dimly-lit dining room to the back courtyard, a more intimate setting adorned with flowers and tiny gold lights.,At a side table shaded by an umbrella, we guzzled two pitchers of ice water while talking about our hike and chance encounters. Despite the blind man’s loss of sight, he hung on to his vision.,And, like him, I moved forward with my bad knee. But the way forward wasn’t always shown on a map. Sometimes a string of shells pointed the way, or the path less traveled yielded people and places beyond imagination.,Yes, I was open to whatever the trail delivered. After all, memories collected along the way often spring from randomness.,Visit Taos Pueblo, a complex of multi-storied adobe homes and ceremonial buildings where the Pueblo Indians have lived for more than seven centuries. www.taospueblo.com,Drive the 105-mile High Road between Taos and Santa Fe and travel through scenic backroads and mountain villages with strong Spanish roots.,A highlight is the San Francisco de Asis Church, the most photographed and painted house of worship along the way. www.taos.org/plan-your-trip/maps-resources/driving-maps/high-road-taos-santa-fe/,Author Bio: Dorothy Maillet is a writer and adventurer from Irvington, NY. Her travels have taken her across Europe, Asia, Africa and North America. She has been a freelance feature writer for Gannett Newspapers, and her stories have appeared in the anthology, A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel, Pembrokeshire Life (Wales), More Magazine, Westchester Life, and BootsnAll Travel Guides.,Traditional teas, rich hot chocolate and the national cuisine of haggis make steep cobblestone streets worth the walk.,Cold and impenetrable. That’s how Edinburgh Castle must have looked to some of the first Americans who laid eyes on the Scottish fortress.,In actuality, the men weren’t really Americans — yet. The Yankee rebels had been captured by British forces during the American Revolutionary War.,They sent to prison in the dark stone vaults beneath the castle that now stands at the heart of the Scottish capital.,The prisoners’ wall graffiti and small artistic carvings can be still be viewed today in the “Prisoners of War” exhibition at Edinburgh Castle, a place the rebels never dreamed would become such a popular attraction for their future countrymen.,But popular it is — and for good reason. Rising from volcanic cliffs towering above the city, Edinburgh Castle has become one of this nation’s most iconic symbols.,It stands at the heart of Edinburgh’s Old Town, the most historic section of the city.,Many visitors start their exploration of Edinburgh here at the castle.,Part of Edinburgh’s World Heritage site, the castle has been the cornerstone of Scottish history for centuries. Some of its buildings date back to the 12th century.,The castle is home to the Scottish Crown Jewels, a brilliant crown, sword and scepter, as well as the Stone of Destiny, the coronation seat of ancient kings.,In another area of the castle, a moving war memorial honors generations of brave Scottish soldiers.,Exhibition signage at the castle is good, but not excellent. Rent an audio-tour headset for the best information. Free guided tours are also available.,Keep in mind that the castle is built on a steep hill and the cobblestone roads can be uneven, so exploring the castle can be physically taxing at times.,There is no parking at the castle, but a courtesy vehicle is available to assist those who need help reaching the castle.,Edinburgh is a walking town, and the best way to reach the castle and get around the city is to purchase a ticket on a hop-on, hop-off bus.,For around US$ 18, you can use the bus system for 24 hours. The buses stop at major attractions, and offer an easy way to cover a lot of ground.,The Royal Mile, which begins at the castle, is the oldest street in the city. A favorite with tourists, the street is lined with souvenir and kilt shops.,To be honest, the effect is a bit kitschy, but there are real finds along the street as well.,Stop for tea at Clarinda’s Tearoom, a small establishment serving traditional Scottish tea and scones on china placed on lace tablecloths.,Chocolate lovers might prefer a stop at Plaisir du Chocolat café and pastry shop, just down the street on the Royal Mile.,More than 100 kinds of teas are available, along with rich, dark hot chocolate.,Just a five-minute walk from the Royal Mile are two of the best deals in town: the Royal Museum and the Museum of Scotland.,Entrance to the museums is free (it doesn’t get much better than that), and you could easily spend all day at either one.,The Museum of Scotland takes visitors on a chronological journey of the nation’s history, from prehistoric times to modern day.,Exhibits are well done, and offer insight into Scottish history, culture and the struggle to preserve Scottish language and culture.,One popular museum exhibit details the days when Vikings roamed these lands, leaving behind ship-shaped burial chambers and remnants of DNA which can still be found in many northern Scots.,Another fascinating floor of the museum explores the Medieval church and how it has changed through history.,The Royal Museum next door is popular with kids, offering interactive exhibits on science, industry and the natural world.,The Science and Industry gallery examines innovations made since the 1850s, some of them off-the-wall inventions that never took off, and others which became some of the most significant finds of our time.,At the end of the Royal Mile is the Palace of Holyroodhouse, an official residence of Her Majesty the Queen.,This baroque structure is still used for state ceremonies and entertaining. Guests can tour the state apartments and beautiful palace gardens. A free audio tour is included in the ticket price.,When you get hungry, head over to Grassmarket Street, a small cobblestone avenue not far from Castle Hill. Scottish cuisine is not for the faint of heart.,One of the traditional national dishes is haggis, a concoction made from sheep’s heart and liver mixed with oatmeal and suet, sewn into a sheep’s stomach that is boiled.,Admittedly, it doesn’t sound appetizing. Yet despite the fact that it is actually a tasty dish, most visitors are pleased to find an array of international cuisine at all price ranges in Edinburgh.,With a rich history centuries long, Edinburgh is a fascinating place to visit. Spend a few days in the Old Town, and you’ll come away with a better understanding of what being Scottish is all about.,You can’t visit Scotland without seeing the alluring Scottish countryside.,And while you may not have three or more hours to drive deep into the Highlands, you can still get a taste of them in the Trossachs, a hilly region that is home to Trossachs National Park.,From Edinburgh, it’s a two-hour drive northwest to the Trossachs along easy highways and paved country roads.,The Trossachs are the Highlands in miniature. With craggy mountains, lush forests and mist-covered lochs, the region is the fodder for stirring tales of romance and mysticism.,Early 19th-century novelist Sir Walter Scott was so inspired by the region that he wrote The Lady of the Lake, a poem about Loch Katrine and its surroundings.,Today, a century-old steamship bearing the poet’s name still plies the lake. The relaxing 45-minute cruise is an excellent way to view some of Scotland’s natural wonders.,Scottland’s National Tourist Board
www.visitscotland.com,Edinburgh’s Old Town
www.edinburgholdtown.org.uk,Loch Lomond & The Trossachs National Park
www.lochlomond-trossachs.org, ,Is Bali on your bucket list? If so, you’ll appreciate this list of things to do in Ubud. From temples to a sacred monkey forest sanctuary.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece. ,Bali – the Island of the Gods – is a world by itself, no matter which way you view this jewel box. With a long list of interests including cultural, architectural and gastronomical it’s not surprising that Bali is on almost everyone’s bucket list.,In fact, this little island is so much more popular than its motherland archipelago, Indonesia, that many travellers mistake it as a country of its own.,This tropical island is famed for its beautiful ochre beaches. Furthermore, the coastline around Kuta is revered as a surfing Mecca, particularly sought after by neighbouring Australia.,Yet there is so much more to explore here. Of all of Bali’s wonders, what impressed me the most in my travels was Ubud – the cultural capital of Bali.,Nestled in the heart of the island, Ubud is ensconced by highlands covered with tropical forests and rejuvenated by plunging waterfalls. It is a break away from Bali’s conventional coastline brouhaha. Yet it has strong spiritual and cultural foundations. So much so that travellers who visit for a few days, end up staying for months.,Ubud – and Bali in general – has strong roots in Hinduism, an export from India. I had read about this before my travels. But it was only when I visited this island that I realised its magnitude and cultural significance to the locals.,The Kalinga empire had apparently established prosperous trade ties with Southeast Asia way back in the first century AD. Today, locals in Orissa celebrate the ‘Bali Yatra’ festival in honour of their ancestors who went forth on these seafaring trade adventures.,There is mention of Sumatra in the Buddhist Jataka tales. While the Ramayana tells of the monkey king Sugriva sending his scouts to Java-dwipa in search of Sita. Trade ties were continued by the Chola Empire. Thus resulting in the proliferation of Hinduism and Buddhism in Southeast Asia for nearly two thousand years.,The Champa Kingdom of Vietnam, the Khmer rulers of Cambodia (the makers of Angkor Wat), the Srivijaya and Majapahit empires of Indonesia, among many others, had embraced ideologies exported from India.,The very name “Indonesia” translates to ‘Islands of India’ given the strong cultural ties and similarities between these two countries once upon a time. Today, only a few fragments of this rich legacy survive in all of Southeast Asia. Bali is the richest living remnant.,So, don’t be surprised if you amble through the streets of Bali and stumble upon statues of Vishnu on Garuda in every other corner. Or if you find Ghatokacha fighting Karna outside the Denpasar Airport. Similarly, if you spot monster dwarpalas, or gatekeepers, guarding the entrance to the many temples of Bali.,While on a walk, I chanced upon the Pura Taman Saraswati. The Saraswati Temple (‘pura’ is Indonesian for temple), is popular among locals for its lavish lotus ponds. I couldn’t enter the temple as I was outside visiting hours.,However, I loved the architecture completed only recently in 1952. In contrast, is the more popular sea-facing Uluwatu temple established way back in the 11th century.,What impressed me was that the Balinese locals have fiercely protected and retained their artistry over hundreds of years. Sculptors, architects and painters continue their trade with the same meticulous eye for beauty as it was perhaps the case, hundreds of years ago.,This consistency became evident as I saw temples under construction. Most have the same styles and patterns as I saw in the more popular temples dating back centuries. In our own country, where the arts and dance forms from yesterday are declining rapidly, there is much to learn from this small island.,Ubud is appears blessed by the benevolence of Saraswati, the goddess of the arts, as it still houses artistic villages dedicated to woodwork, painting and sculpture. All of this makes for an interesting visit.,Row after row of houses in these villages are committed to creating traditional artworks. These beautiful pieces are exported, thankfully providing impetus to sustain these trades.,I continued my walk in this small town when I came across another beautiful edifice – Balai Banjar Ubud Kelod. It was a theatre, with its main attraction being shows for traditional Balinese dances.,Having read a lot about this, I picked my tickets for a dance show later that evening. It turned out to be a great introduction to Balinese music and dance.,The auditorium, aglow with rich golden-yellow lights, was flanked with ornate wall reliefs. There was also a statue tribute to Saraswati in the centre, guarded by dragons and other apsara-like celestial beings. The music was refreshingly new and was performed live by a gamelan orchestra: the traditional Balinese musical ensemble.,Musicians marched in first and tuned their metallophones (xylophone-like instruments played by mallets) along with hand-played drums called kendhangs. Then commenced the various dance forms for over an hour, each form as vibrant as the earlier one.,The dancers were bedecked with visually stunning headdresses, glittering garments and beautifully painted masks (or faces). It was all so very different to anything I had seen before.,Performances included a Sekar Jagat welcome dance, a Baris war dance and the popular legong dances characterised by intricate finger movements and punctilious facial expressions and fluttering eyes. Also, a solo Jauk dance by a masked demon with sinister long quivering fingers.,The climax came in the form of a Barong dance – a depiction of the eternal fight between good and evil. The Barong is the good guy, a traditional guardian spirit, depicted in this case in the form of a lion (two dancers dressed in an opulent lion costume and an extravagant lion mask).,The “good” lion faces Rangda, the evil spirit, culminating in a grand fight with the latter’s defeat.,A visual treat, a traditional Balinese dance with its sinuous, graceful movements is a must-see in Bali. In Tagore’s own words, when he visited this island in 1927, “Balinese dance is ‘not like the patter of pouring rains, but like the flow of a wavy stream“.,Indeed, the euphonic metallic notes and fluttering fingers of the dancers will keep you entranced long after the dance is over.,I was so mesmerised by the masks in the dances that the next day, I headed to the Setia Darma House of Masks and Puppets. With a massive collection of over 1300 masks and 5000 puppets, mostly from Indonesia, the museum is a treasure trove of heritage art.,Keep an eye out for Ram, Sita, Ravan and many other characters from the Ramayan and Mahabharat.,Barong masks of guardians in the form of elephants, lions and boars will remind you of Miyazaki movies. Meanwhile, an immense collection of marionettes, shadow puppets and water puppets will remind you of rich art forms from all over Southeast Asia that are sadly on the wane.,On my way back, I visited the Sacred Monkey Forest Sanctuary, just adjacent to Ubud. It was established back in the 14th century, perhaps by the Ubud Royal Family. There are three main temples in this complex, dedicated to Ganga, Shiva and even Brahma.,Today, it is used as a sanctuary to house over 700 Balinese long-tailed macaque monkeys. The sanctuary attracts throngs of visitors interested in watching the playful primates.,The mission of the sanctuary is the conservation of the wild in line with the Hindu philosophical concept of Tri Hata Karna. The concept is that three relationships are required to reach spiritual and physical well-being; man’s relationship with himself, the environment and finally, Supreme God.,As I stood in silence under a thick canopy of trees, my mind filtered the inanimate from the living. The world that remained was as esoteric as it was beautiful. There were hundreds of statues scattered across the complex.,Mostly monkeys, but also other marvelous beasts, mythical creatures, and life-sized anthropomorphic warrior animals. A lion here, a giant monitor lizard there and even a fantastic bridge sculpted in the shape of a long, fanged dragon.,To date, no one knows why this place was built or by whom. As the late afternoon sun streaked in through the thick foliage, my creative mind could not help imagining an old-world esoteric recreation of Kishkindha – the legendary kingdom of the monkeys hidden far away in these forests.,You might smile at the imagination here, but then, this was Bali. Its charms and wonders have that effect on you. It can make you an artist, a creator and a thinker at the highest level.,If you love the wilderness, Ubud has beautiful walks in tropical settings with rewards of gushing waterfalls. The Tegenungan waterfall is the most popular. But you can go for long hikes and find many other cataracts all to yourself.,Then there are the Tegallalang rice fields – some of the most popular terraced rice fields in Bali – right in Ubud’s backyard. These stepped fields, jade green with rice and peppered with palms and coconuts, are worth a visit just for their grandeur and scale.,Furthermore, these fields are part of a larger UNESCO world heritage site that celebrates the Balinese Subak system of sustained water management for irrigation.,The offerings of Ubud include art markets, museums, endless curio and souvenir shops, classy cafes and restaurants. Also, water temples, towering and arcane rock-cut architecture that makes you feel like a Tomb Raider, bird parks, natural springs and baths plus volcano walks.,Ubud is an unending compendium. Each place is a blend of the past and the present, crafted so aesthetically that days can easily turn to weeks and weeks to months. Additionally, if you are an artist, Ubud is sure to fire your senses in some form or the other, as you find resonance with your ikigai.,If not, rest assured, you will return as one.,Ready to explore the endless wonders of Ubud, Bali? Start preparing for your trip with hotel and VRBO reservations, local restaurant guides, insider tips on how to get around and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Have even more fun in Bali by booking unique Ubud activities, skip-the-line tickets, expert-led tours and more through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates here.,Author Bio: Writer / Photographer – Ayan Adak, I am a consultant by profession and love travelling, writing and photography in my spare time. All photos were taken on a Canon EoS 60D.,How Juan Santamaria, Costa Rica’s national hero, got his own holiday.,When you hear the word “filibuster” it usually means a scheme used in Congress to talk and talk and talk, aimed at delaying a vote (or not letting it come up at all).,But there’s another kind of filibuster you don’t hear much about. The word also means “an irregular military adventurer.” Simply put, mercenaries or soldiers of fortune. Like Sir Francis Drake, who roamed the Caribbean under the skull and crossbones, but who was actually paid by the English court to attack Spanish ships. Or Prince Frederick II, who was hired by Great Britain to lead 30,000 German mercenaries during the American Revolution.,When it comes to American filibusters of that ilk, it would be hard to top the exploits of a colorful character named William Walker. Born in Nashville, Tenn., in 1824, he was making headlines by the time he turned 28 – when he put together an army of 300 scraggly “mercs” and tried to invade parts of Mexico.,Walker’s troops actually captured some hefty (but mostly unpopulated) areas of Baja California and Sonora before the Mexican government booted them out.,Fast-forward to 1855, and Walker shows up again – this time in Nicaragua, where a revolt threatened to unseat the government. Walker and his private army were hired by American billionaire Cornelius Vanderbilt to end the rebellion (which also threatened Vanderbilt’s interests in the country, mainly a cross-country water transit system).,Walker earned his keep and sent the rebels packing. But then he took over the government, declared himself president and renamed the country “Walkeragua” (with English as its official language). While he was at it, he also took over Vanderbilt’s transit system.,Vanderbilt retaliated by getting neighboring Costa Rica to declare war on Walker.,A key battle took place at Rivas just north of the Nicaragua/Costa Rica border, and when the dust settled Walker had cleared out. Costa Rica had a national hero.,Here’s what happened:,On April 11, 1856, 3,000 Costa Rican troops crossed the border to fight Walker’s forces at Rivas. At the high point of the battle, the Costa Ricans found themselves pinned down by Walker’s men, who’d holed up in a strategically located building. A Costa Rican drummer boy saved the day when he volunteered to toss a torch on the thatched roof of the building, even if it meant exposing himself to heavy fire.,The lad’s plan worked. The enemy high-tailed it out of the blazing building, letting the Costa Ricans move on to occupy the town. But the victory turned out to be bittersweet because the boy died in the fight, gunned down by an enemy sniper.,The boy’s name was Juan Santamaria, and he’s remembered as Costa Rica’s national hero in everything from songs, parks, streets and statues to the name of the country’s main airport. If you happen to be there on April 11, you’ll find yourself enjoying a national holiday in his honor.,Footnotes: Walker’s end came in 1860. After a failed foray in Honduras, he ended up facing a firing squad of local federales. He was 36 years old at the time.,Walker’s exploits were dramatized in the 1987 movie Walker starring Ed Harris. The critics generally panned it when it first hit the screen, but it has since become an American classic.,If You Go,Costa Rica Tourism Board,A traveler discovers the difference between reality and movie magic while traveling in Salzburg, Austria.,When my college friend and I brainstormed places to travel this summer, we thought, “Let’s go to Salzburg, Austria and sing!” Both Sound of Music fans, we could already hear the songs as we planned our trip.,Vienna and Salzburg looked beautiful in the pictures: the elegant Baroque architecture and the medieval fortress looming over the evening skyline.,Yet once we finally arrived in Salzburg for our long-awaited historical and Hollywood pilgrimage to “The Sound of Music” locations, I was surprised to hear the sound of silence.,The neighborhood and area surrounding the hotel where we stayed, in the New Town north of the Danube, seemed oddly quiet, almost uninhabited.,The streets were fairly empty in the daytime, save the occasional local passersby.,This is a place where past histories, present realities and timeless fantasies collide.,Multiple-layered perspectives emerge: the lived realities of the von Trapp family prior to the Anschluss; the literary lens of Maria von Trapp’s memoir,“The Story of the Trapp Family Singers,” the fictional characters and scenes from the film; the international travelers, like us, seeking enlightenment and nostalgia in some combination of reality and art.,Tourists and locals traverse Old Town and New Town encountering eras and ideologies worlds apart.,Medieval, baroque and contemporary architecture exist simultaneously alongside international stores and cuisines, Mozart concerts and “The Sound of Music” tours, while Fortress Hohensalzburg towers above and the salt mines beckon from below.,History and narrative exist as authentically located performances and displays to share with those who seek to experience the culture.,Yet beyond the façade and the tourism, the divide between Old and New seems ever widening as cultural heritage becomes a distant relic of the past.,In my search for the unifying narrative that I had experienced vicariously through my childhood and young adulthood, I instead discovered fragmentation both spatial and spiritual.,The various scene locations we sought during our scavenger hunt were scattered geographically throughout the city.,Tthe sights in Mirabell Gardens during the “Do-Re-Mi” montage, the Residenzplaz Square fountain from “I Have Confidence,” the front (Frohnburg) and back (Leopoldskron) of the von Trapp villa.,Movie magic also distorts and magnifies sizes and proportions: things like the Mona Lisa, Pegasus Fountain and the steps leading down to Mirabell Gardens are so small in real life!,Encountering the familiar scenes as they exist in reality is strange and otherworldly: storied edifices seem isolated from their (fictional music video) context and reassigned to an alien (to us) place.,More interesting, however, is the story of the real family villa, which now exists as a hotel.,The real villa, as shown in the recent 50th anniversary ABC special with Diane Sawyer, is a small and humble abode when compared with the grand staircase and the spacious frescoed drawing rooms seen in the movie.,The von Trapps became poor during the depression in the 1930s, and the family sang to earn extra money.,Captain von Trapp even considered performing for Hitler, though, as fabled, decided against it due to personal convictions.,Yet knowing the separation between the romanticized and real, the filmmakers wished not to produce a documentary, but to envision a tale that in its idealism would become immortalized, lasting through time and space.,In watching the movie now, after visiting the actual locations, there is a part of me that is a constant commentator drawing myself out of the illusion.,Yet there will always be a part of me that is moved to believe the story, and longs to relive the myth apart from history.,The reality and fantasy exist simultaneously within my mind: the timeless memories of the film from years past suspend my disbelief.,A question arises: does retreating into the comforts of familiar understandings – viewing the characters and the histories behind them as I always have, simplistically and idealistically – erase the eerie encounters with reality?,In privileging art over life, innocence over experience, I risk settling into an illusory contentment rather than navigating a more complex conception of the world.,And yet the film moves audiences in part because it is real, in the sense that it conjures genuine feeling whether contextualized within or decontextualized from actual historical experience.,The filmmakers were able to weave a coherent, compelling narrative, both literally and figuratively, spatially across the city and temporally in interpreting the family’s histories.,In reality, “The Sound of Music” coalesces with, conflicts with, or often does not coincide at all with contemporary Austrians’ experiences.,As with Manhattanites who have never visited the Statue of Liberty or Parisians who are indifferent to the Eiffel Tower, many Austrians have never even seen the movie before or visited each of the sights.,In a moment of rude awakening, our one-time Viennese waltz instructor told us, “The Sound of Music is trash.” (At least various versions of the Laendler, the Austrian folk dance, are real, as he told me.),Instead of an idealized meeting, my attempts at communication and even temporary tourist assimilation represented a misplaced cultural encounter in which others are not as we have always known them to be, through script or storytelling.,Ultimately, whether through historical fact, imagination or re-appropriation, the film lives on as a message told through American ideals of optimism, family, patriotism, belonging, love, life and survival.,As the von Trapps journeyed from their Austrian homeland to America, many including me journey in the opposite direction to a place so romanticized as to be contained within an Edelweiss snow globe, and yet real as to draw audiences together through time and space into the music and the story.,The Salzburg of reality differs from the Salzburg of my imagination, yet visiting this unique Austrian city has inspired me with a deepened and more complicated sense of the world and of myself.,If You Go:,Salzburg Information:
salzburg.info
Austria.info
soundofmusictour.us/
www.salzburg-sightseeingtours.at,Author Bio: Ruth Li is an English teacher at InTech Collegiate High School in Utah and is the recipient of a Woodrow Wilson teaching fellowship. She received a B.A. from Wellesley College and an M.A.T. from Brown University. She is the author of the novel Invisible Threads, which is published on iBooks and Kindle. Her work has appeared in the Wellesley Review, and has won awards including the Ching Jen Lum Creative Writing Prize, the Dickens Project Scholarship Essay Contest, and the Utah Shakespearean Festival’s “Shakespeares of Tomorrow” Youth Playwriting Contest.,[mappress mapid=”964″],A traveler digs for roots in her ancestral town.,I was all over the map, literally. Google told me my last name hailed from the Basque region in Spain. A genealogy website let me know my ancestors had been in Jalisco, Mexico for many generations. Most surprisingly, a DNA test revealed I had a bit of Ashkenazi Jew. My background was more complex than I ever could have imagined and I had to know all about it. So I booked a flight to see my ancestral town of San Sebastian del Oeste, Jalisco, Mexico.,It had sounded easy, but when I got off of the plane I quickly realized the downside of having come alone. Customs had gone just fine, but now a huge crowd of people stood in between the exit and me.,“Amiga, do you have hotel?” someone asked. “Would you like to book a tour? Need a taxi?” they all asked at once. I didn’t know who to answer first. Suddenly, the warnings of my parents blared in my mind like a siren. “Watch out for creepy men. Trust no one. Be firm.” Amidst the airport chaos, I took a deep breath and told myself that I could do this.,Soon after and much to my relief, I was in a taxi cab speeding up a winding road toward an old mining town, now one of Mexico’s Pueblos Magicos and an UNESCO World Heritage site. San Sebastian lies about an hour and half outside of the resort town of Puerto Vallarta. The town was now only populated by roughly 700 people, but once was home to 20,000.,Lush forests and ravines unfurled on both sides of the little car as I peered out the window in wonder. The paved road suddenly ended and the driver and I now bounced along on a wide cobblestone lined with a stone wall covered in moss and anchored by large trees. Mist hung low over the tiled roofs of white houses that stood true to Colonial Mexico’s architecture. The home I was staying in was no different, and as the taxi drove away I looked up at it with excitement.,San Sebastian or San Sebas as the locals call it, was founded in 1605 by the Spanish but had been home to the indigenous people known as Tecos before then. The area quickly became a lucrative gold and silver exporter, supplying its finds to Spain. After the Mexican Revolution, the mines were abandoned and most people left to find work elsewhere. Now, the main businesses are tourism and agriculture.,Every day, I would venture down steep roads dotted with a mixture of new construction country homes for rich families from Guadalajara and homes that had been there since the 1700’s. I explored the stone pathways that connected the haciendas around town. They once belonged to wealthy Spanish families, but were now where Mestizo families lived and grew a variety of fruits and corn, but especially coffee and dragon fruit. The paths led to scenes out of a classic fairy tale. Wildflowers sprung up in unexpected places and the creek than ran through town rushed under ancient stone bridges. I imagined how my ancestors must have crossed these paths at some point as well and gazed upon the same hills and landscapes.,Strolling through the church one day, I came upon a small museum in one of its rooms. It held shelves of artifacts that were more than 400 years old ranging from Teco pottery to embroidered dresses used to dress the Virgin Mary statue. The room itself was a testament to the clash of cultures that is not only this town, but Mexico today. My last name seemed to be listed in fine print all over as well.,“Are there a lot of Pulidos living here?” I asked the museum guard. He hesitated, and looked off into the distance before replying.,“Not really. There were a lot back in the 1800’s, but once the mines went out of business, most of them moved to nearby Mascota, the neighbor state of Nayarit or to the U.S.”,I left the museum feeling defeated because I wanted a picture, a story, anything that further attested to my ancestors being a part of the town besides a census record. I went to a small cafe located inside of El Pabellon, a hotel that was once a fortress used to hold silver awaiting shipment.,I ordered a cafe de olla, a specialty around here. I sipped the strong, black coffee with a hint of cinnamon and thought about what to do next. A television sat in the corner of the cafe and played the mid-day telenovela. The soap opera’s storyline was almost always the same; a young, beautiful woman of humble falls for a wealthy handsome man, but for one reason or another cannot be together. They were cheesy and totally unrealistic, but these shows were addictive. My Grandmother was more than likely watching this as well.,Suddenly, a strong gust of cool air blew the cafe’s wooden window shutters open. I wasn’t big on signs but the universe was certainly trying to say something. I finished my coffee and decided it was time to pay my grandparents a visit.,One taxi ride and two buses later, I was in San Juan de Abajo, Nayarit. Another small town only this one was a more populated, agricultural town with no real tourism industry at all.,“Mija, we didn’t know you were coming,” my grandparents said in a shocked tone. I’m sure the sight of their eldest granddaughter showing up on their doorstep, out of the blue, sweaty and dirty, was a shock. I briefly explained the reason for my trip and they laughed.,“We could have told you all about our history there,” Grandmother said. Their home was such a comfort. The star fruit tree in their backyard was nothing short of magical. I helped myself to several of these and poured lime juice, salt and chili powder over them. In Mexico, the standard is everything tastes better with these three ingredients. Grandpa broke it down over dinner. He told me how his family was very humble and they lived in a small town on the outskirts of San Sebas.,“I hardly went to school because as soon as I was old enough, I had to work,” he said between mouthfuls of grandmother’s sopa de arroz. He had worked in one of few mines that were left in the area for a while then worked in the fields, helping to harvest tobacco.,“I remember San Sebas, I did my military training there,” he said with a glazed look on his face. Grandmother interrupted him asking me if I had gone into the church. I nodded and she smiled.,“That’s where your grandfather and I were married,” she said. I smiled too, thinking maybe I had made the trip to San Sebas in vain. I could have just called them for information. I instantly regretted that thought, knowing it wouldn’t have been the same. I had to go to see it and feel it for myself. I knew the feeling of familiarity I had while there couldn’t have been from nothing. Now I had solid proof of why.,On my last night, a hankering for tacos led us to the local stand about a block away from the house. During our walk, grandmother began to tell me a story about her side of the family. Her grandfather was from a place called Mezquital del Oro, Jalisco. His father was a rich man; he owned land and had livestock as well. His mother had died and his father remarried only this woman was cruel. She beat him and mistreated him, causing him to run away.,Her grandfather made it to the next town and there he found work and settled, got married and started a family of his own. Many years later his father, on his death-bed, sent him a message, telling him he wanted him to collect his share of his will. He refused to go as long as that evil woman was there, so he asked his share be divided among the poorest in the town.,“Perhaps you should investigate this further,” she told me as she winked at me. Maybe this would lead me to the other parts of the map that I had yet to discover. I finished my tacos al pastor and thanked her, for she had just given me my next assignment and perhaps had led me to my next adventure.,If You Go,San Sebastian del Oeste may be a small town, but there is plenty to do. The vast array of recreational activities it has to offer will keep you busy. Hike up to the highest point, El Cerro de la Bufa, or go bike-riding, four-wheeling. Take a historic tour up to the mines or an agricultural tour of an organic coffee plantation. Please make sure to check out the wide array of restaurants. There is something to appeal to everyone’s taste. For more information please visit the following websites:,sansebastiandeloeste.gob.mx,visitmexico.com/en/san-sebastian-del-oeste-jalisco,puertovallarta.net/what_to_do/san-sebastian-del-oeste-mexico.php,[mappress mapid=”882″],Washington, D.C. is known for its top museums and memorials, but here are some hidden gems to add to your must-see list.,Washington, DC,  the United States capital, is a captivating city to visit, whether for a short excursion or long foray. There are so many sights to take in and savor that it can be daunting for tourists to determine which spots to add to their itinerary.,A destination such as this is worthy of revisits. On one such umpteenth trip, I decided to check out sights that I had not seen during my earlier visits.,Built by Native architects, the NMAI is the largest museum to represent Native Americans of the Western Hemisphere, “from the Arctic Circle to Tierra del Fuego,” as noted by its website.,The architecture and design both inside and out pay homage to Native beliefs and culture. According to the World Architecture website, the main entrance faces east.,It is “aligned perfectly to the cardinal directions and the center point of the Capitol dome, and filled with details, colors, and textures that reflect the Native universe.” All are important considerations in the Native culture.,Waiting in line for the museum to open its doors, I admired the massive, buff-colored undulating exterior of the building that reminded me of natural rock formations found in states like Idaho and Utah. Even the surrounding landscape pays tribute to the world of the first people. I noticed trees, flowering plants, shrubs and wetlands that actually evoked the ecology of the Potomac River area 500 years ago.,Once inside the NMAI, I followed other visitors into the elevator to start my tour from the fourth floor of the museum. My visit began by watching a short video with other museum-goers that served as an introduction which familiarized us with the diverse traditions of Native life.,The NMAI is a repository of more than 12,000 pieces of art and artifacts encompassing more than 12,000 years of history and over 1,200 Indigenous tribes spread out through North and South America.,The first exhibit I walked into was simply titled “Americans.” It highlighted the inescapable ways in which Native American stories, identities and images were embedded into the cultural psyche of the American world.,The displays ranged from a matchbox to a Land O’ Lakes butter box to a Tomahawk missile. The posters and objects arrayed along the walls in the black colored, brightly lit room laid out in no uncertain terms the depth and ubiquity of Native Americans in everyday American life, many times even in a degrading manner.,A room was devoted to the accurate story of Pocahontas, while in another the events of “The Trail of Tears” brought about a solemn feeling. The exhibition itself was educational, impressive and thought-provoking in equal measures.,Walking into the exhibits on Native American clothes and lifestyles, I realized I was being immersed in a world that I did not know much about. The gorgeously crafted outfits, jewelry, baskets, bags and other handicrafts were a sight to behold,I particularly loved the display of corn: black, maroon, red and yellow, shining like mini jewels at the exhibit titled, “The Heart of the Hopi.” The information was a tribute to the importance of this ancient crop in Hopi culture.,Similarly, fascinating was the exhibition on “The Great Inka Road,” which showcased the history and engineering of the UNESCO Heritage Site, a road that connected Cusco to the entirety of the Inka Empire.,In the “Nation to Nation” exhibit, I learned about the role of Native Americans in the signings of various treaties between the United States and many of the Native nations. It was intriguing to read the details of these historical treaties that noted the ways and reasons numerous tribes ceded their land.,Then once again, I was back to the expansive lobby with its domed skylight ceiling, embodying the Native connection to the open skies. Underneath the soaring skylight, I spent some time admiring the beautifully carved canoes of various tribes and the rows of flags of varied Native nations.,If you have spare time on your hands in Washington, DC, you can visit or walk by some of the other sights in this neighborhood. Across the street, the Capitol stands regal and sublime.,The National Mall, with its fountains, its reflecting pool and memorial statues, is the perfect point to stand and click some photos. Step inside the U.S. Botanic Garden, also on Independence Avenue, situated across from the Capitol if you have some moments to afford.,Capture all of the memories and historic sites with a pocket-sized camera from CANON. We love the Refurbished Power Shot 190 IS Blue.,The Bartholdi Fountain, a spectacular work by Frederic Auguste Bartholdi, the famed creator of the Statue of Liberty, is definitely a special draw.,I continued my walk to catch sight of some very familiar icons. The Washington Monument, the illustrious venue for protests, celebrations and memorials, rose majestically under the clear blue skies.,The Lincoln Memorial shone in the distance beyond the soaring fountains under the setting sun and I watched as tourists snapped pictures of the exalted sight.,I spotted The World War II Memorial, which I had never visited before. I decided to spend a few minutes amidst the somber grey columns, 56 in all, representing the states, territories and the District of Columbia commemorating the war effort.,The columns were linked by a bronze rope, decked with a sculpted wreath, bearing the inscription of a state or territory name. It created an awe-inspiring effect as the entire vista glowed in the evening sun while the pools and fountains brought in an additional luminous effect.,But my mood immediately became somber when I stopped at the Freedom Wall with its 4,000 gold stars, each star symbolizing 100 American military deaths in the war.,Of course, it goes without saying that when you are in Washington DC you have to visit the National Mall and the many implausibly free Smithsonian museums even if you have been there before.,The newest addition is the National Museum of African American History and Culture, a dazzling marvel of architecture that can stop you in your tracks. Unfortunately for me, it was peak tourist season and I failed to procure the valued timed ticket.,Emerging into the Mall after my swift ride on the DC Metro, I focused on the National Museum of American History, a museum that had not been in my previous itineraries.,The museum showcased the many, many objects and artifacts that have been a part of and have impacted the history of this country. Dorothy’s ruby slippers from the 1939 classic film, “The Wizard of Oz,” one of the first Apple computers and Crayola crayons were just a few of the fun items that caught my attention.,The historic lunch counter from F. W. Woolworth’s store from the Civil Rights era which brought forth a youth movement to challenge racial inequality, made for a memorable viewing of American history.,A favorite was the “Many voices, One Nation” exhibition which charted the path of the nation and its many communities through cultural objects, paintings, drawings and artifacts to the thought behind e pluribus unum, the Latin emblem on the  great seal.,Another gorgeous exhibit was “The First Ladies.” It explored and chronicled the lives and legacies of the wives of every American president.,By now, completely satiated with history and culture, I asked myself a question, “How could I not spend a couple of hours at one of the most popular Smithsonian museums?”,The National Air and Space Museum was a delight even on repeated visits, even on my fourth trip. Many attributes had changed since my last visit about seven years ago.,One aspect that had not changed was the instant euphoria I felt as soon as I stepped into the hall with its jaw-dropping collection of aircrafts and space vehicles. Again, I gaped at the Apollos, the Skylab, the many moon vehicles, rockets, military planes and airplanes.,Suddenly, I realized one thing was missing — the Orville and Wright aircraft.,In 2003 the 1903 Wright Flyer was given a place of honor with its own exhibition area. I walked into a beautifully designed space that celebrated the beginning of flight on Dec. 17, 1903.,Wilbur and Orville Wright’s flying machine, Kitty Hawk was displayed with various manuscripts, documents, instruments and reproductions of other aircrafts designed by the brothers, laying the foundation of aeronautics as we know it today.,I reserved the next day to walk through a previously unexplored neighborhood, unfolding more gems of this capital city. Once again, using the Metrorail, I rode to my next destination.,After a short walk from the station, I landed in a beautiful, leafy neighborhood dotted with gorgeous row houses and palatial mansions. I had reached DuPont Circle, home to institutions, museums, restaurants, art galleries and shops.,I stopped by The Phillips Collection, a little gem known as “America’s First Museum of Modern Art,” according to its brochure. The museum showcased a formidable collection of Impressionist and modern paintings.,It was easy enough to spend an hour at the museum enjoying art ranging from Renoir to Matisse, Jacob Lawrence to Georgia O’Keeffe to modern, contemporary artists.,Strolling through the intimate museum, I came upon “The Wax Room,” an intriguing installation of a tiny room with walls of melted wax. Stepping inside, I was enveloped in a sea of yellow courtesy of the single bulb that hung from the ceiling.,I learned that the artist Wolfgang Laib, was influenced by the Rothko Room at the museum, another engaging space with four signature paintings on each wall by Mark Rothko, the famous abstract artist.,This neighborhood was also home to many embassies. On Massachusetts Ave., known as Embassy Row, is a two-mile stretch where you can indulge in a self-guided walking tour to peek at the grand buildings.,You can walk past many diplomatic missions and see the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial in front of the Indian Embassy and the statue of Nelson Mandela gracing the front of the South African Embassy. ,Before long, I was in front of The Octagon, the headquarters of the American Institute of Architects since 1898 but also with its own powerful history, having been built in 1801 and serving as a temporary White House in 1814. I would have loved to see the museum inside, but it was almost five and its closing time was 4 p.m. The visit would have to wait.,Walking back to my hotel after an exhilarating day of sightseeing, I pondered the many places I visited on this short trip.,No matter how many times you go to Washington DC, there are always new delights to be discovered to create a memorable occasion.,Find a hotel in Washington, D.C. that meets all your specific needs at the perfect price for you here.,Author Bio: Susmita Sengupta, an architect by background from New York City, loves to travel with her family. Her articles are published in many online travel magazines.,One of the nicest and most distinct Israeli traditions is food, and there are street food kiosks on every corner. Here’s our guide on local favorite street foods in Israel.,One of most distinctive Israeli traditions is food. Jews coming from the Middle East and Far East, from Europe, Australia, South Africa, North and South America—all adopted the local cooking habits to their dietary laws and passed them on to their children.,The cooking style of the countries where they lived came as part of their baggage when they made their way to Israel and they blended with those who had come before them.,One thing about which there has been little debate is Israeli street foods.,It’s not an exaggeration that in the greater downtown areas of most Israeli cities and towns, there are street food kiosks on every corner. These offer a wide variety of foods for visitors and natives alike.,Many of these foods have crossed the ocean and appear in North American cities, but one might ask what are the real street foods of Israel and what is their origin?,Chickpeas are among the oldest cultivated plants and native to northern Persia. They are a staple of peasant cooking, a source of cheap protein and have been in the diets of Jews of the Mediterranean and North Africa for centuries.,Chickpeas form the basis of humus and falafel.  “Israelis hold hummus in such high regard that it is rarely made at home. Instead it is savored—or rather worshipped—at a favorite hummusia,” writes Janna Gur in The Book of New Israeli Food.,Hummus is one of Israel’s national foods because it is “filling, nutritious and cheap” and requires no forks and knives just “pita bread and an expert wrist.”,To the cooked mashed chick peas are added garlic, salt, cumin, lemon juice and tahini. Humus is then spooned onto a plate with tahini in the center and olive oil and chopped parsley added as a garnish. Scoop it up off the plate with pita and enjoy!,Tahini or tahina or tchina is from the Arabic word meaning ground because it is ground sesame seeds. As a dip, tchina is then combined with ice cold water, lemon juice, crushed garlic and salt. Tchina is eaten with pita.,Felafel probably came from Egypt where it was created by Egyptian Christian Copts who served up this dish with fava beans during Lent when meat was not eaten.,It is a combination of chick peas, garlic, parsley, lemon juice, cumin, coriander, salt and pepper. Sometimes burgul, dry bread crumbs and eggs are added. The mixture is shaped into small balls, often popped into deep oil to fry by a gadget called a falafel maker which scoops up the mixture and then releases it into the oil.,Felafel is served inside a half or whole pita with your choice of salads, sauces, dill pickle, tchina, sometimes eggplant and sometimes French fries.,One street food which Israelis claim they invented or brought from Iraq is sabikh. Sabakh means morning in Arabic. In fact, it is pita stuffed with deep-fried eggplant, boiled egg, potatoes, tchina, tomatoes, onions and parsley. It is often topped with ambah, an Indian mango pickle.,Two very typical Israeli foods, particularly in Middle Eastern restaurants are Shashlik and kebab. These words are often used interchangeably, although they mean something different. Shashlik are pieces of meat put on a skewer and grilled; kebab is ground meat combined with parsley, onions and garlic and wrapped around a skewer and grilled.,Shwarm is the Turkish word for grilled. See that large, vertical rotating spit? Boned turkey is cooked on it, sometimes with lamb fat on the top for flavoring. Pieces are then shaved off and served inside pita or laffa, the pizza-size pita, as a wrap and served with salads.,I happen to have a very strong stomach, but one of my favorite foods (and one of my husband’s) is mixed grill. This is done on the street and in restaurants and consists of chicken livers, hearts, regular chicken, onions, paprika and a special spice blend very quickly stir fried and often stuffed into pita.,Burekas are a stuffed, turnover-type pastry made from thin phylo dough spread on a cookie sheet, sprinkled with oil and sometimes filled with spinach, potatoes or butter before melted butter is spread on top and the whole pastry baked until brown and puffy then cut into squares.,One cannot forget nuts and seeds, freshly roasted—sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, chick peas, pistachio nuts and more are favorites from the street vendors.,Cafes are very popular in Israel, practically on every corner. Most, if not all, are dairy and some even serve alcoholic beverages. Two of the most popular coffee drinks are café afukh and ice café.,Café afukh means upside down coffee. It was probably given this name because originally a small amount of coffee was added to the milk.,Today, café afukh is the same as cappuccino. Interestingly enough, German Jews who came in large numbers in the 1930s brought the concept of a small amount of coffee with a lot of milk, otherwise known as café au lait.,Ice café has two meanings in Israel. One is what we might call slush or crushed ice with coffee or coffee flavoring added; the other is actual coffee with ice cubes added.,In winter, a drink which originated in the Arab countries has come into Israel, served from very large brass or silver containers. The drink is Sahleb. which is made from the flour of ground tubers of orchids, possibly with rose water added; sometimes milk and sugar are also added. What emerges is a starchy, cream of wheat-thick drink, eaten with a spoon, garnished with coconut, crushed pistachio nuts and cinnamon.,On street corners and throughout the markets are places offering freshly squeezed fruit and vegetable drinks in varying sizes.,Whatever you choose to eat, whether standing at a kiosk or walking along the street, you will find these street foods reasonably priced, plentiful and healthy as well.,Author Bio: Sybil Kaplan is a journalist, food writer, lecturer and cookbook author. She also leads walks though Machaneh Yehudah, the Jewish produce market in English.,Great article!,If you want to obtain a good deal from this paragraph then you have to apply
such techniques to your won weblog.,As the capital city of China, Beijing is the center of national
politics and culture, and a hub of Chinese international
interaction. Alongside Xian, Luoyang, Kaifeng, Nanjing and Hangzhou, Beijing is one of the Six Ancient Cities in China.
In addition, Beijing was the host city of the 2008 Summer Olympics.
With a population of about 17 million people, Beijing contains 18 districts
and counties, which are further subdivided into 273 lower (third)-level administrative units at the township level.,Situated at the northwest edge of the North China Plain, Beijing City is
next to Tianjin City, to its southeast. The landform of
this city basically falls away from northwest to southeast.,Beijing was also known as Peking by the Western world before 1949.
It is one of the famed ancient cities in the world.
With more than two-thousand years of history, Beijing City is a place of military importance.
It had consistently been the capital of the Liao, Jin, Yuan,
Ming and Qing dynasties. In the early nineteen-twenties, Beijing became the cradle of Chinese new democratic revolution.
The May Fourth Movement against imperialism and feudalism began here in 1919.
And in Oct. 1, 1949, Beijing became the capital city of
the PRC, which opened a new page in this ancient city. Beijing boasts
abundant tourist resources; ancient architecture, royal gardens, mansions, towers, temples,
palaces, and modern structures, including the world-class Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven, Summer Palace and the Great Wall at
Badaling. With such a mature ability in receiving
tourists, Beijing will be an ideal tour destination to get more of an
idea of China as a country, and moreover as a cultural gathering place for artists and musicians.
Airlines connect Beijing with more than 110 cities at home and abroad, while the city
boasts a fine railroad and highway system for local travelers.
Urban construction has brought new changes to Beijing,
resulting in a unique combination of ancient civilization and modern metropolis.,Hi. We love you. Saw this fun guide for street food in Israel. Enjoy,Excellent article and pictures are beautiful.! Thanks to the writer and photographer.,Torino, Italy is full of surprises. For the traveler, it’s well-worth the visit.,When my friends first invited me to their hometown of Torino, Italy, I will be the first to admit that I had had no previous desire to visit.,It was not because I thought it would be boring or unattractive, but simply because I rarely thought about its existence within the vast history and culture of Europe as a whole.,In fact, when I asked people about the city, no one was quite sure where it was located.,I soon found out that it was about two hours north by train from where I was living- in a small town west of Genoa, Italy.,So I packed up my things, hopped on the train and headed north.,One thing I have learned from my experience, however, is that the cities  you know the least about tend to surprise and delight you the most.,Maybe it is the lack of expectation? Or perhaps it is the fact that you go there not knowing what you are looking for, and not walking around with your to-do list and your city map.,You embrace the place for what it is, and theentire experience is one of discovery. Needless to say, after my three-day visit, I was blown away by the beauty and culture of this mysteriously chic Italian city.,To describe Torino as a whole, I would say that it is a fantastic marriage of Italian culture. ,with the grandeur and modern architecture of Milan, the charming and romantic qualities of the famous small towns of Positano and Siena, combined with the history of the famous big cities like Rome and Florence.,Every corner you turn in Torino is a surprise. Perhaps you end up on a grand, modern boulevard lined with fancy designer brand shops and large marble buildings.,Maybe you end up on a narrow cobblestoned street lined with tall, skinny apartments boasting rickety shutters and iron balconies that teeter above the osteria’s, gelateria’s and boutiques below.,Maybe you are fortunate enough to stumble upon one of Torino’s grand piazzas, housing an ancient building like the Royal Palace, an immaculately preserved architectural structure like the Mole Antonelliana, or even the church that contains the holy shroud Jesus was buried in.
Like many other European cities, it is impossible not to encounter street performers, outdoor cafes and many dogs.,Unlike other cities, however, there are not many beggars and the streets are kept clean.,One of the great kings of Torino’s past created a world of arching walkways on all of the grand boulevards, enabling pedestrians to walk throughout the city in any sort of weather without it affecting them.,It is possible to drive throughout the city, but many streets are pedestrian-only and parking is a hassle, so why not walk?,When you walk down the main, wide Parisian style streets, in the direction away from the city center, you dead-end at the river Po that is as still as glass.,At night, it reflects a perfect rendition of the lantern lit streets and narrow, tall buildings above.,It is on this river that the people of Torino come to watch crewmen row in the summer.,While enjoying food and drinks along the river’s banks at one of the famous restaurants or summertime bars.,On the opposite side of the bank from the city, is a prominent old monastery that sits on top the highest hill around and overlooks the river and all of Torino.,Large blue disks fill the night sky above, illuminating the monastery and creating an effect that borders between extraterrestrial and art installation.,Although unfitting for the historical architecture of the monastery below, it is a prime example of Torino’s desire to blend the old and new.,While Torino boasts a daytime life full of fantastic shops, beautiful buildings and delicious restaurants, it is at night that the city really comes alive.,I was fortunate enough to see the different creative assortments of lights found dancing above the many streets of the city, because it was nearing the holiday season.,The grand piazzas are even transformed in the night, to boast massive lit sculptures surrounded by additional lights.,Unlike many other Italian cities, Torino is extremely international and tourists can indulge in Japanese, Middle Eastern, Chinese and a variety of other cuisines.,When I think about the cities in Italy that are well known to non-Italians, they are cities such as Bologna, Parma or Naples- all famous for food; Rome, Florence and Venice- all famous for art or history. ,Milan- famous for shopping; or one of the small villages of the Amalfi Coast or Cinque Terre- famous for the picturesque colorful, quaint seaside villages.,Torino is not particularly “known” for anything, and maybe that is because it is a blend of so many things.,It is modern AND historical, has traditional and delicious Italian cuisine AND a fusion of other cultures, has great museums (one of the four Egyptian museums in the world) AND lovely parks and a river (the longest river in Italy in fact).,Like most of the cities I have visited in Italy, the people have a strong sense of pride and affection for their home. I was welcomed by the people and “given a taste” of true Torino.,As a seasoned traveler, I always prefer to be taken in by a local for part of my visit and allowed to wander for the remainder.,I was fortunate enough to do exactly this while in Torino, and now tell all who will listen about the magical wonders of the city.,Torino Tourist Office
https://www.turismotorino.org/index.aspx?lingua=EN,Author Bio: Alexandra Kahn studied Marketing and Digital Media at the University of Colorado, Boulder before embarking on a three-year journey around the world to film rock climbing movies. Every second she can, she is traveling, always budgeting to increase the amount of trips she can take. In her free time she enjoys taking photos and writing about her adventures. She has a list of places to go to in the world and is determined to finish the entire list.,The chefs in Lithuania have gotten extra creative. They’ve come up with some of the wackiest ice cream flavors ever. Here are some that you’ll want to try.,During COVID, many of us have gotten creative. Some have created musical videos, built their own furniture, started painting or turned into gourmet cooks.,The chefs in Lithuania are a good example.,This small Baltic country has decided not to settle for plain old vanilla ice cream. Chefs from around the country have turned out some of their weirdest, and yet tastiest, ice cream concoctions yet.,Here are some of our favorites. Which ones would you like to try?,Yes, we picked this one first because, duh, it combines two of our favorite flavors – beer and ice cream. The Lithuanian Beer Academy, which cherishes long-standing beer traditions, has perfected this nice combination. ,According to the ice cream chef, only dark beer is used for production because of its strong caramel aftertaste. To ensure sweetness, they also use sugar and lemon juice. Chips and beer ice cream – looks like we have a new sauna package combination!,Sure, you may usually find these on the forest floor, but pine needles have been long known as a source of vitamin C. According to health specialists, pine needles improve the immune system, strengthen the body, and slow down aging (yay for that!) ,Freshly harvested pine needles, sugar powder, and cream are the main ingredients of this delight. This unusual combination smells just like a Christmas tree. Delightful!,Confession, we’ve had this before in Austria, and it was simply yummy. Fresh rhubarb is rich in vitamins C, P, and K. Rhubarb ice cream also contains leaves, sugar, water, orange peel, ginger, and salt.,We’re not sure what to say about this one, but it makes us curious. According to local Lithuanian chefs, ice cream from these ingredients is delicious, fresh, reminiscent of green tea, and healthy.,Nutritionists say that nettle is rich in vitamins, but if nettle soup (delicious by the way) does not rock your boat, ice cream might be a better choice.,Ice cream from a flower? Why not! Peony flowers are not just beautiful. Apparently, they can also be delicious.,The founders of the Labanoras restaurant tell us that these are made from petal syrup mixed with cream. The petals turn the ice cream pink and make it smell like perfume. Nice!,They say eating carrots is good for your eyesight, so this is a good option. Since carrots are sweet, they are often used in cakes, puddings, and pancakes.,According to food historians, the use of carrots as sweeteners dates back to WWI, when there was not much sugar available. When preparing this ice cream, chefs soak carrots in maple syrup, which gives them an excellent caramel aftertaste.,Beetroot is a healthy choice, which can be used not only in main dishes and smoothies but also in various cakes and cupcakes. This beetroot dessert has a deep, earthy aroma, marvelous purple color, and goes well with dark chocolate.,Natural ice cream made from flowers without additives is a good choice for dessert lovers who want a healthy lifestyle. The lavender petals are soaked overnight in vanilla ice cream to reveal the aroma. This creates ice cream that smells extra good!,Dill is a common spice, according to the kitchen chef of the Velvetti restaurant in southern Lithuania, but it is dill oil that balances the sweetness of the honey, and gives the dessert a savory quality.,Seaweed and caviar ice cream is for those who want to jump in and try something different. It’s really more of a snack than a dessert. Try it when you visit the Lithuanian seacoast. The taste is reminiscent of sushi.,For veggie lovers, spinach and tarragon ice cream will be a great alternative to a smoothie. Spinach is considered one of the healthiest vegetables in the world, and its combination with tarragon will pleasantly surprise you.,The recipe for this interesting frozen delight is a highly guarded secret according to the Chef at Apvalaus Stalo Klubas restaurant. After tasting this summer dessert you’ll know why. It’s a favorite with those who love seafood.,Lithuania is full of surprises for those who visit. You can find 47 different ice cream shops and restaurants to sample these culinary masterpieces in Lithuania here: https://lithuania.travel/en/news/frosty-flavours-to-melt-for-ice-cream-map,She changed the world with her diary. Now the home that became Anne Frank’s prison stands as a testament to the young girl’s life.,Courage… strength… inspiration… heartbreak…,These are the words that come straight into my mind when I think about Anne Frank and her diary.,German-born Anne is probably the best-known victim of the Jewish Holocaust during World War II. She and her family spent two years hiding from the Nazis in a secret warehouse annex in Amsterdam, protected by non-Jewish friends. Her diary tells the true story of a young Jewish girl whose life dramatically changes within the course of three years.,Anne had received the diary as a present from her father, Otto, for her 13th birthday on June 12, 1942. It traces the lives of her Amsterdam-based family as they are forced into hiding. As Anne grew older, she went beyond mere description and wrote about more abstract and philosophic matters, such as her belief in God and human nature.,In 1933, when Hitler came to power, Anne Frank’s father, Otto moved the family to Holland. After the Nazi occupation of Holland on May 15, 1940, the lives of Jewish families like the Franks became severely restricted. When Anne’s older sister Margot was called up to go to Germany on July 5, 1942 for relocation to a work camp, the Frank family’s lives changed forever.,The family faced arrest if Margot did not comply. But her parents, sensing the impending call-up, had already organized a secret hiding place, an empty section of Otto’s office building at 263 Prinsengracht. There was enough room for themselves, as well as Hermann van Pels, Otto’s co-worker, his wife and son, Peter, and Fritz Pfeffer, an acquaintance of the Frank family.,I first read the diary when I was in primary school, and again when I was in high school. Ten years later, I knew what it was about, but I couldn’t remember the emotions I felt reading it. Perhaps I had been too young.,Before I left Australia for a holiday in Europe, I decided to read the diary again, which is also praised for its literary qualities. I knew I would be visiting the house in Amsterdam, and I wanted that experience to really mean something. I spent my mornings and afternoons on the train to and from work, reading about the life, and death, of Anne Frank. I was once again captivated by her innocence, the terror she experienced and the trauma of her family and her life underground.,I put myself into her place and lived the moments in my mind, imagining what I would do in certain situations. I also allowed myself to feel emotions towards Anne and her family. I got angry at her mother, I admired her father and I loved Peter Van Pels as she did. I wanted the moment that I stepped into her house in Amsterdam to be truly unique. It was.,The house is located next to a canal, just a short walk from the Central Station. Standing outside, I looked around at the street Anne and her sister Margot stared at through closed curtains. I saw the road where Anne had described seeing soldiers patrolling and Jews fleeing, terrified, to escape the war.,Where she saw friends and neighbors taken away by the army, marching towards certain death, I saw people dressed in clothes Anne dreamed of owning, faces as beautiful as the pictures she cut from magazines and posted on her walls, laughter and smiles as friends shared stories and tourists scoured the streets in search of history.,As Anne looked onto these streets during the heartache of World War II, she could never have imagined the happiness the people are blessed with today. The streets were filled with traffic — cars, buses, bikes — taking people to more destinations of enjoyment. On the rare occasions Anne was able to sneak a look outside, the only cars she saw were military; buses were full with Jews on their way to concentration camps; and those on bikes were simply there in a failed attempt to escape.,But looking at the streets outside the house was nothing compared to being inside — as I’m sure was the same for Anne and her companions.,The house is built in two sections and is four stories high, with an attic. The back section of the two top floors became the secret annex, where Anne and her family, the Van Pelses and Fritz Pfeffer spent 25 months of their lives.,They lived there until they were captured in August 1944, when the annex was emptied of its furnishings by order of the German occupier. It was an anonymous telephone call to the authorities which led to their whereabouts. While it will never be known for certain who reported them, two theories have surfaced. One alleged the betrayer was Anton Ahlers, a Nazi and business associate of Otto Frank. The second theory pointed to a Dutch cleaner named Lena Hartog-van Bladeren, who worked in the office in front of the annex. But the true identity of the betrayer will never be known. Those hidden were all deported and sent to extermination camps, where all but one died.,Otto Frank, Anne’s father, was the only survivor (Anne died from typhus and deprivation in March 1945 in the northern German concentration camp Bergen-Belsen. She was just 15 years old). Otto was found by the Russian Army at Auschwitz and upon recovery, learned of the death of his wife and children. After the war, Anne’s diary was found strewn across the office floor, where it was picked up and hidden away. It resurfaced many years later and was given to her father.,The annex has remained in its authentic state. It was officially opened as a museum in 1960, and in 2004, recorded almost one million visitors.,I was speechless as I walked the same corridors and staircases that Anne and her family had walked. I had tears in my eyes as I stepped through the worn bookcase, which served as a secret door to the annex. And my heart pounded as I made my way into the make-shift bedrooms. Although empty now, I was able to picture what they must have looked like, and I couldn’t comprehend how each person survived for 25 months in such extreme conditions. I guess it was nothing compared to life in concentration camps.,Even now as I think of it, I shudder at the image of the small room that Anne shared with Fritz Pfeffer — the pictures she had pasted to the wall to cheer her up, still there, faded and torn. A reflection on a young life — long lost.,Had I walked into the secret annex where Anne Frank and her family lived without reading the book beforehand, I don’t think I would have truly understood what it meant to be there.,I would never have felt such despair walking into the rooms that served as the kitchen, bathroom and bedrooms; I wouldn’t have cared that there was barely enough space to fit a desk, let alone two or three beds; and I wouldn’t have felt my heart pound as I remembered how scared Anne had been as she wrote about the view from the window or listened to the news on the radio.,As I walked through the annex, I thought about how hard it must have been for Otto Frank to pack up his family and hide them from the world for more than two years. To stop his daughters from going out to play — from even looking out the window to feel the sunlight on their faces. I can’t imagine how painful it must have been for him to watch as the shine slowly faded from the eyes of those he loved the most, knowing he was unable to help them.,I thought about Peter and Margot, and wondered what might have happened to them had they survived the war. But mostly, I thought about Anne and how she experienced hell first-hand, yet through her diary — and sadly, her death — she has made so many people smile.,She was a young girl who dreamed of becoming a journalist, but she lived and died in an unfortunate time. Her writing has since inspired hundreds and her words have touched even the hardest of hearts.,Through her adversity, the world has learned that life is sometimes cruel. Hopefully, we have also learned that although at times life may be tough, we should appreciate what we have, because there will always be people who live their lives in a secret annex.,Anne Frank’s diary was published in 1947 in the Netherlands under the title Het Achterhuis (The Annex). It was translated into more than 50 languages, sold millions of copies and is still in print. It was adapted as a Broadway play in 1955 and a film (1959). In 1997, Natalie Portman starred as Anne in a new version of the play.,If You Go,Anne Frank House,Prinsengracht 267,Amsterdam,The Netherlands,Phone +31 (0)20 – 5567100,Fax +31 (0)20 – 6207999,Museum Opening Hours Info Tape +31 (0)20-5567105,www.annefrank.org,Anne Frank Center New York,www.annefrank.com, ,Experience Christmas in Argentina. The traditions around family, food and festivities are familiar but come with sand and sun instead of snow.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,In North America and Europe, Christmas evokes visions of festive light displays, colorfully wrapped gifts, Christkindlmarkts, decorated trees and, in some places, snow. In some ways, Christmas in Argentina is similar, but there are also some big differences.,For starters, this South American country sits below the equator, meaning that Christmas falls in the heat of summer with not a snowflake in sight. So, understandably, Argentinians tend to head to the beach for their Christmas celebrations.,Christmas in Argentina is also less commercialized than the holidays in the USA. Gifts are bought, but they are mainly given to just the children and are kept hidden as opposed to being displayed under the tree. In fact, not every home will have a Christmas tree. But, being predominantly a Catholic country, what they will have is a nativity scene, which is set up on December 8 (Feast of the Immaculate Conception).,You will see Christmas trees in public settings like shopping malls, where you will also find Santa. What you probably won’t hear are Christmas carols.,Some things are more familiar, though. For Argentinians, Christmas is about sharing time with friends and family and enjoying some traditional meals.,Christmas in Argentina is celebrated on December 24 and is the biggest holiday of the year. During the day, parents run around from store to store trying to find those last-minute gifts. Toy stores are the most popular this time of year because the gift-giving tradition is mostly reserved for children, with adults rarely receiving presents.,Once all the gifts have been bought and wrapped, they are hidden from sight until midnight on Christmas Eve. Some people go to church before dinner for Mass, but it’s not a tradition that all Argentinians practice. People usually go to a family member’s house and have a big dinner around 9 or 10 p.m.,Last year, my mother and I spent Christmas with some Argentinian friends in Tres Arroyos, which is in the Buenos Aires province and close to the Atlantic coast. It was my second Argentinian Christmas and my mother’s first.,What sticks out to me, as an American, is how calm the whole ordeal is down south, but also how incredibly welcoming the people are and how delicious the food is.,The Argentinians make special foods that they wait all year for and only eat on Christmas. Pionono is a favorite holiday treat. It is a sweet bread rolled up like a cinnamon roll, filled with layers of ham, tuna or veggies and covered with a topping of cream cheese. There are several different kinds of pionono.,For dessert, many Argentinians eat fruit salad with dulce de leche, pan dulce or Italian panettone (similar to a fruit cake) or a special Christmas cake with dulce de leche and sweet cream. The dinner lasts until about midnight, which is when the real fun begins.,At midnight, the kids run outside to watch the fireworks, which people set off from the streets in front of their houses. Sometimes you can see multiple mini-firework shows from one spot on the street.,The adults in Argentina follow with glasses of Champagne, and someone usually makes a Christmas toast. When the fireworks are over, everyone goes back inside to find that presents have been left under the Christmas tree by Papa Noel, or Santa Claus, as he is otherwise known.,When the last gift has been opened and all the pan dulce is gone, people finally go home and go to bed. It is typical for people to not go anywhere on December 25. Kids wake up and play with their new toys, and some people have a second Christmas dinner, but it is usually a very calm day.,Argentinians are not as big of fans of Christmas carols and movies as Americans are. The radio stations don’t play Christmas tunes all season long, and Hallmark isn’t such a big deal that far south.,Without all the caroling, Christmas Day sounds a lot like any other day in an Argentinian household. It is often hot outside, so most people stay home or go to the beach if it’s nearby.,We opted for the Argentina beach holiday, which is something I had never experienced before. After sleeping in and waiting for the heat to pass, we drove to the coast around 5 p.m. We were able to spend a few hours splashing in the waves before the sun went down and the mosquitoes came out.,There is nothing quite like a beach sunset, especially when you’re with people who love you on Christmas Day.,The Gambia is a top birdwatching destination in Africa and is rich in wildlife. Here’s what to see and where to stay in The Gambia during your adventure.,To call Pa eagle-eyed is a gross understatement. The official bird guide’s skill at spotting avian  – perched high in trees, bouncing about in thickets, darting here, swooping there – was uncanny.,With rapid-fire precision, he identified bird after bird, from a Western Grey Plantain Eater, Caspian Tern, and Scarlet Kestrel to a Lesser Blue-Eared Starling, multi-colored Beautiful Sunbird and Senegal Coucal.,We were walking in what amounted to an open-air aviary. The quantity and breadth of bird species we encountered, in all colors, feather patterns and sizes, was extraordinary. This is The Gambia, a candy store for bird lovers.,The Gambia is a popular package tour destination: the vast majority of visitors – mostly from the UK and Scandinavia looking to escape the winter cold – ensconce themselves in the hotels on the Atlantic shore for a pampered getaway in the warm sun.,The nature lovers who flock here, however, head to one of the camps and lodges upriver hidden away among lagoons, creeks and mangroves where the avian life is in full bloom every day.,The Gambia, the smallest country on mainland Africa, is dominated by water: The mighty Gambia River, with a five-mile-wide mouth at the coast and a nexus of waterways emanating from it, courses the entire country west to east and is framed north and south by just narrow strips of land.,The river level ebbs and flows with the tides of the Atlantic, making it saline for many miles inland. This water world is a fecund habitat for an array of bird species: nearly 600 have been recorded here, an unsurpassed ratio of country size to number of species.,From Tendaba Camp, Pa and I walked through grasslands dotted with trees and thickets, teardrop-shaped nests of Village Weaver birds hanging from branches, and colorful flyers everywhere we turned our heads.,Many exotic avian are common to the region and can be readily seen, while others require patience and luck. Even Pa was excited when he spotted a Blue Abyssinian Roller, exclaiming, “Serious birders would be impressed by that one.”,We continued to a lake bed where the water had receded since the rainy season, leaving behind white salt flats that contrasted with the scores of Pink-Backed Pelicans standing in the receding shallows.,Climbing up into the bird-watching tower with a photo hide opened up quintessential African panoramas: landscapes painted with a palette of bold earthy hues, wart hogs digging for roots, scampering monkeys, and of course more winged wildlife, from the Western Red-Billed Hornbill and Green Woodhoopoe to Yellow-Billed Shrike and gregarious Northern Red Bishop.,In addition to the bird hike with Pa, at Tendaba I also cruised in a motorized canoe the maze of creeks among the mangroves where we spotted a different variety of birds, among them Yellow-Bill and Black Kites, Goliath Heron (biggest heron of all), Black-Crown Night Herons, Wooly-Necked Storks, black-and-white patterned Cormorants, and the biggest prize of the trip – we turned the boat around to get a better, longer look but it quickly disappeared – an elusive African Finfoot.,The lagoon and wetlands of Tanji Bird Reserve are populated with a sea of marine birds such as the Kelp Gull, Slender-Bill Gull, Bar-Tailed Godwit, Sanderling, Ruddy Turnstone, various herons and egrets and Yellow-Billed Stork.,A fleet of Gray-Headed Gulls standing in shallow water, exclaiming their presence in unison with a guttural mimicry, ever so often would suddenly launch into the air en masse, madly dive and swoop and circle, and within 15 seconds would resettle again standing in shallow water.,Walking the length of the lagoon, I emerged in Tanji village to a frantic and frenetic scene. The colorful fishing pirogues had arrived and were unloading the morning’s catch. Full-throated hawkers led explosive haggling and selling, that reached a towering, cacophonous apex as a flood of wheelbarrows and tubs of fish were carted off.,Then, with the call to prayer from the mosque, the market scene was suddenly paused for five minutes, a sea of worshippers and prayer rugs blocking lanes and streets, before starting all over again.,The best bird viewing in the reserve was actually in the late afternoon from the lookout spot at the Eco-Lodge where, between monkeys scampering by, I glimpsed such species as the Saw Pied Winged Swallow, Four Banded Sand Grouse, Bearded Barbet, Yellow Fronted Tinker bird and Grey Kestrel.,Bintang Bolong Lodge is idyllically located on the Gambia River with a huge deck jutting out over the water, stupendous views in three directions, a friendly adjacent village and a cornucopia of wildlife in the area.,Walking the dirt lanes of the village, among mud-brick, thatched-roof houses, I responded repeatedly to happy calls of “How are you?” – the ubiquitous greeting in friendly, welcoming Gambia, which bills itself (for good reason) the ‘The Smiling Coast.’,Guide Omar paddled his pirogue silently down river, pointing to a swimming African Darter (known as the Snakebird because it looks like a snake when hunting in the water), an African Hawk Eagle soaring overhead, a Blue-Breasted Kingfisher fishing among the mangrove roots – and a jelly fish from the Atlantic that he pulled from the river barehanded.,We reached a spot where we could access dry land – and a cornucopia of wildlife amid the salty marches dominated by majestic, massive baobab trees: committees of vultures in high branches; baboons that watched us from a distance before bounding away; monkeys in the bush that disappeared when we got too close; another Blue Abyssinian Roller; African Bee Eaters flying overhead among many other birds, and a giant tree lizard.,At Mandinari River Lodge, they try to make bird spotting easier for guests by chumming the waters, so to speak: “You don’t need to go looking for them because we put out couscous at dawn and dusk so they come to us,” explained Abou, the young manager. “Just sit and watch and many beautiful birds come.”,Between the couscous, walks in the area and a motorized-pirogue trip, I saw a fair number of birds in the Mandinari area too – such as Spur-Winged Lapwings, colorful parakeets and Bee Eaters – though not on the scale of the other locations. The highlight here, instead, was the grandest tree, steeped in lore, in The Gambia.,A narrow, canopied channel – really a tunnel through the mangroves – brought us to a small landing area and a short hike to the ‘Tree of Wisdom.’ The scale of the White Silk Cotton Tree is overwhelming. The hardwood is some 100 feet tall with branches spreading almost as wide and a massive base supported by a network of giant buttresses.,Yet it is more than a dominating, awe-inspiring physical presence. It has long been the gathering and ritual spot of the local villagers. Though illegal today, young boys traditionally were circumcised in the tree’s hollow (a small room reached via a narrow opening) as part of the month-long initiation into manhood.,Today, it remains an important local asset: its pods produce a wool-like fiber used for insulation, padding and stuffing mattresses and pillows; the fruit is used for a favorite soup, and women grow vegetables in its shadow claiming they get super results because of its spiritual powers.,A plunge into the inland camps and lodges along the Gambia River is one of the world’s great bird-viewing experiences. Few places can match the quantity and diversity of colorful avian species, among other wildlife. Each day of exploring brought more smiles here on The Smiling Coast.,If You Go,It’s possible to reach the camps and lodges from Banjul, the capital, or the coastal resorts by taking local buses or shared taxis, but the routes are difficult to navigate and the vehicles are uncomfortable, often overcrowded and slow.,Yellow taxis are the best option; depending on your bargaining skills, the cost is about $20-30 for closer Tanji and Mandinari, and $40-50 for Bitang Bolong or Tendaba.,Tanji Bird Reserve Eco-Lodge, Tanji, The Gambia,Tel:  7288221 / 9924160, ecocamptanjibirdreserve@yahoo.com,https://www.facebook.com/pages/Tanji-Bird-Reserve/112745342070428,Located in the woods adjacent the reserve’s fowl-filled lagoon, this friendly lodge offers a good full-service restaurant and simple but one-of-a-kind accommodations: brick bungalows with high-domed ceilings designed to keep the room cool; about $32 with breakfast.,The lodge’s lookout, with views over the Atlantic, is ideal for bird watching over drinks, especially in the late afternoon/dusk. The manager, Sarra, is very helpful with your needs and arrangements.,Tendaba Camp, Tendaba, The Gambia
Tel: 9911088, tendabacampmail@yahoo.com www.tendabacampthegambia.com
This hotel, set on the Gambia River by the village of Tendaba, is poorly maintained but the area has arguably the best birdlife in The Gambia. Very basic rooms are $22 with breakfast, much nicer suites $35. Simple buffet lunch or dinner is $6.,With the area off of the country’s electrical grid, the camp relies on a generator and power is often not available.,Bintang Bolong Lodge, Bintang Bolong, The Gambia,Tel: 9929362, reception@bintang-bolong.com www.bintang-bolong.com,An idyllic location on the Gambia River is enhanced by a large deck – with an excellent restaurant with candlelight dining at dinner – jutting out over the water.,The rustic but comfortable accommodations, set on stilts among the mangroves and designed to look like traditional African huts, feature private decks by the river for enjoying the colorful sunrises and sunsets and at night a heaven full of stars far from urban lights; about $22 without breakfast. Owner Solo enjoys talking with guests.,Mandinari River Lodge, Mandinari, The Gambia,Tel:  3394555 / 7794555, mandinari@hotmail.co.uk www.mrlgambia.com,Set on an isolated creek among the mangroves, this quiet, charming lodge offers comfortable and spacious hut-like accommodations for $40 with breakfast, a large thatched bar area under bird-filled trees, a swimming beach, and tasty meals at a whimsical restaurant designed to look like a pirate ship.,The young manager, Abou, personally takes care of you, from planning meals to arranging boat trips.,Author Bio: Ed Placidi is a freelance travel writer/photographer who discovered his passion for exploring the world as a teenager and has gone on to travel ‒ mainly on solo, independent adventures including a number of extended voyages across continents ‒ in 100 countries (so far).,Bird watching adventure is an amazing experience. I know that I used to work at the national park last year. So I always get that experience. Nice post. Keep it up.,Explore the impressive works at the Denver Art Museum with new buildings, lighting structures and dining experiences on your trip.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece. ,When the Denver Art Museum opened in 1971, the castle-like building with tiled walls and slit windows designed by Italian architect Gio Ponti was considered too avant-garde for many Denverites. ,Now 50 years to the month later, the interior of the North Building, as it was known, has been reimagined, replaced and re-loved. The footprint and the fantastic views remain the same. ,“For more than three years, the north side of our campus has been undergoing a bold transformation to improve the visitor experience while honoring and preserving the building’s historic architecture,” said the DAM’s director Christoph Heinrich.,“We kept nothing from the old building layout, not even a display case. Everything is new. It’s not just a renovation—it’s a re-imagining of the spaces,” he said.,In addition to the interior redo that includes two new elevators, a new public staircase, and the new Bartilt Learning and Engagement Center, there have been exterior upgrades too, such as new skylights, lighting and revitalization of the glass tile façade, outdoor terraces, and updating environmental and other systems with the latest technology to earn a LEED Silver certification. ,Thanks to a generous donation by DAM Board Chairman Lanny Martin and Sharon Martin, the Ponti building will now be called the Martin Building. ,“The events of the past year have reaffirmed the importance of art as a source of inspiration, healing and hope, and we look forward to showcasing the museum’s global collections through a new lens and providing new spaces for learning and engagement,” Heinrich said.,The arts and culture scene in Denver has grown up, benefiting locals and tourists alike. ,“I’m absolutely jazzed by this facility,” said Denver’s Mayor Michael Hancock. “It’s a huge benefit and new asset for citizens of Denver. We see the true power of arts and culture in this building.”,Attached to the iconic building is the brand new 50,000-square-foot Sie Welcome Center, named for benefactors Anna and John J. Sie. Unique 38-foot-tall concave windows distinguish the circular building that has become the museum’s new entrance.,Designed by Machado Silvetti and Fentress Architects, it serves as a bright space in Denver for events and two dining options, as well as ticketing and guest services. The lower level houses an art conservation and technical studies lab.,The sharp edges of the neighboring Hamilton Building designed by Daniel Libeskind and opened in 2006 soar above the Sie Center, making the campus unification complete.  ,“I was impressed by the stitching together of the various buildings into a dazzling and cohesive new whole,” said Claire Walter, a resident of Boulder who is a DAM member. ,A total of 33,328 square feet has been added for galleries and public spaces, and many artifacts that were previously stored are now on display. All art labels are written in English and Spanish. The Denver galleries are:,Northwest Coast and Alaska Native: works by Indigenous artists from the western coastal region of North America.,Design: the most preeminent selection of design practices—architecture, furniture, industrial and graphic design—in the country.,Latin American Art and Art of the Ancient Americas: more than 1,000 rare works and artifacts spanning 3,500 years of art and culture in Latin America, plus a new exhibition dedicated to modern and contemporary Latin American works.,Asian Art: many treasures from the past and contemporary additions are on view for the first time.,Indigenous Arts of North America: this world-renowned collection presents works from more than 250 Indigenous nations both regionally and thematically.,European Art Before 1800: a chronological history of European art through major themes.,Textile Art and Fashion: features temporary textile and fashion presentations like the current exhibition tracing ways in which high fashion kept up with the changing role of women and feminism, as well as a behind-the-scenes look at how the curator’s prep for an exhibition.,Photography: expanded space features regular rotations of work from the permanent collection and beyond.,Western American Art: gives a western perspective of American art history from a fitting locale in the heart of the Mountain West.,In the past, if museum goers wanted to catch a bite before or after their visit, they had to go outside and across the plaza to Mad Greens, a salad bar eatery. Now they have not one but two choices in the building.,The DAM called upon Denver chef Jennifer Jasinski to develop menus and concepts for The Ponti, the sleek upscale restaurant named for the original architect, and the fast-casual Cafe Gio, also named for the Italian designer.,The James Beard Award winning chef has created menus with lots of veggies, ancient grains, heirloom legumes, handmade pastas, and fish and meat. Chef Jasinski, who heads up kitchens of several popular downtown restaurants, is known for her sourcing and sustainability excellence. ,The Ponti includes an outdoor terrace and is open for lunch every day and dinner Tuesdays only. It’s also open for private dining and events (720-913-0148). Cafe Gio across the main hall from The Ponti on level one of the welcome center is open every day during museum hours and also has outdoor seating. ,Since the opening of the Hamilton Building in 2006, the museum has paved the way for the development of the Golden Triangle Creative District. It consists of the Clifford Still Museum, the History Colorado Center and the Kirkland Museum of Fine and Decorative Arts.,In addition, a plethora of art galleries, restaurants and retail have emerged, making the area an easily walkable neighborhood for arts and culture. ,The Denver Art Museum is at 100 W. 14th Avenue Parkway, Denver, CO 80204-2788; 720-865-5000.,Ready to plan your trip to soak in the culture and arts of Denver? Start preparing with hotel and VRBO options, local restaurant reviews, tips on how to get around and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Make the most of your trip by booking some unique activities in Denver through GetYourGuide. Find outdoor excursions, expert-led tours, skip-the-line tickets and more here.,Author Bio: Claudia Carbone is an award-winning travel writer based in Denver and regular contributor to GoWorldTravel. Read more on her travel blog.,On a trip to Oman, a mother and daughter explore the country’s rich culture and iconic buildings, learning to appreciate Oman’s love of dates along the way.,I was in Oman, one of the Middle East’s best-kept secrets, and I’d had the first date with breakfast a few hours earlier before Khalifa arrived. It was 9 a.m. when I popped the eighth sweet date of the day in my mouth.,Our guide for the day picked us up at our hotel in Muscat, Oman. As soon as my college-age daughter and I crawled into his SUV for the two-hour drive from Oman’s capital to Nizwa, Khalifa offered us dates stuffed with almonds and a thermos of cardamom coffee.,In Oman, dates are everywhere.,Nizwa, the capital of Oman during the sixth and seventh centuries, is nestled at the base of the Hajar mountains and surrounded by date palm oases. It’s known for its castle, its fort and its dates — there are more than 40 different kinds of them. I was determined to try as many of them as I could.,“We say it’s lucky to eat an odd number of dates,” Khalifa said.,Lizzie and I looked at each other and, preferring good fortune to bad, made sure we each ate a ninth date.,We’d made the quick hop from Dubai to Oman in the neighboring United Arab Emirates on Fly Dubai ($100 each way).,Check out Kiwi for more flight options and transportation packages for your whole stay. They find hidden fares and travel hacks to make your world travel easy! Book your flights and more here.,Oman’s other neighbors are Saudi Arabia to the west and Yemen to the south. Oman’s 1300-mile coastline fronts the northern Indian Ocean, which is called the Gulf of Oman.,In Muscat, we’d swum in its warm waters as little fish nibbled our toes and watched as groups of fishermen pulled in nets filled with sardines. Nizwa, more conservative than Muscat, where about a third of its population lives, is connected by an excellent road.,In fact, the roads in Oman are so good that many tourists rent cars. A car is useful in Muscat since it’s a city that spreads outward, not upward, and public transportation is limited.,We decided to hire Khalifa since we wanted to learn about Omani culture and history and Lizzie jokingly said she worried that if I drove, we’d take a wrong turn and end up in Yemen.,After Dubai’s intensity, we’d fallen in love with Muscat’s more mellow vibe.,We’d spent hours at Tche Tche Cafe on Al Qurum Beach, sipping slushy fresh mint lemonade while watching families stroll on the promenade.,In Oman it was also far easier to meet Omanis than it had been to meet Emiratis in Dubai — about 85 percent of Dubai’s population are guest workers from elsewhere.,In Nizwa, after parking our car next to a trailer holding two camels which had apparently arrived a day early for the town’s famous Friday market, we wandered into a date shop next to the souk.,You can see the beauty of the market and Nizwa’s ancient interiors on the Nizwa Oasis Full Day Tour with Lunch. Book your dates in advance here so they don’t fill up! Now you can cancel anytime up to 24 hours before the event for a full refund, so you can plan stress-free.,The walls were covered with Omani textiles and woven baskets, and the shelves were stacked with sealed packages of dates, date paste and date syrup, but we headed straight to the main attraction — the dozen large bins filled with all kinds of dates.,After sampling honey dates, cardamom dates, sesame dates and more, all different colors and prices, we were ushered to sofas with brightly colored cushions where we were presented with a platter of yet more dates. I ate dates number 16 and 17, washing them down with several little cups of slightly bitter cardamom coffee.,Afterward, we stopped at a shop in the souk that sold halwa, a sticky sweet found all over the Middle East, South and Central Asia, Eastern Europe and North Africa.,Oman’s halwa is made of — surprise! — dates as well as spices like rosewater, saffron, nutmeg and cardamom.,The shopkeeper, wearing the ankle-length white dishdasha almost all Omani men wear, cut us off sliver after sliver to taste from the giant halwa blocks. I wondered if we needed to eat odd numbers of date-based halwa, too.,When the Portuguese explored this area and East Africa in the 1500s, they made maps of the countries with drawings of what they found there. For Oman, it was ‘fort, fort, fort,’” Khalifa told us as we left the souk and walked to Nizwa’s 400-year-old fort.,The Portuguese not only made maps of Oman, but they also controlled its coast until 1650. During those 150 years, they built many of their own forts, including the one that towers over Muscat’s Muttrah district.,It’s hard not to see forts, castles and towers in Oman as there are more than 500 of them scattered throughout the country. “In the past, they could live off dates and water if they needed,” Khalifa said, pointing out the fort’s date storage room.,Like almost all the forts and castles we visited in Oman, Nizwa’s has a date storage room. During times of turmoil and war, dates could sustain those under siege for months. Stored dates lasted for up to a year.,“They’d stack dates in cloth bags and those at the bottom would get smashed and the date syrup would drain here,” he said, pointing to an indentation in the stone floor.,We climbed up the stairs to the fort’s roof to get a better view of the date palm orchards that surround Nizwa. One male date palm can fertilize about a hundred female plants, which are the ones that produce the fruit. Dates are Oman’s primary agricultural crop. They’re raised not only for people but to feed animals too. In this arid country, 50% of the cultivatable land is used to grow dates.,Throughout Oman, we’d seen both small local date shops, with bins like in Nizwa, and fancy boutiques where gourmet chocolate-covered dates are displayed like jewels, like Bateel, which has branches throughout the Middle East (and one in Michigan). As we walked down the fort’s stairs, I learned that in Oman dates are for more than just eating.,“See those slats in the stairs?” Khalifa asked. Lizzie and I nodded.,“If invaders got into the fort or castle, those who lived here poured boiling date syrup through those slats to kill or maim them.”,That certainly didn’t sound lucky.,Later that night, after spending the day eating more dates and shuwa, Oman’s traditional dish of slow-cooked stewed lamb, and drinking endless tiny cups of cardamom coffee and delicious milky sweet karak tea, we traveled through Oman’s stunning countryside to Khalifa’s house.,He wanted us to meet his mother, who lived with him, and his wife and their three children. As he proudly introduced them, Khalifa mentioned he was taking his family on holiday to Germany during the summer.,“The kids just want to see snow — in July,” he said. ,A giant serving tray with three different kinds of fish, shrimp, an eggplant stew, mutton and chicken was placed on a low table in front of us. We smiled shyly at Khalifa’s family and started eating. Although we were full, we ate until we thought we would burst. It would’ve been rude not to accept their hospitality.,“We believe it’s good luck to have guests visit,” Khalifa said, offering us yet more dates and cardamom coffee. I made sure to eat an odd number of them.,Ready to start soaking up the culture of Oman while tasting the best dates? Be prepared for your trip with the best flight deals and transportation packages by booking through Kiwi. Then, you can find hotel or VRBO options, top-rated cafes, cultural sites and more through Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,For more excitement around Muscat, Nizwa and all of Oman check out the top-rated tours with GetYourGuide. From the Wadi Shab Trek and Coastal Tour to the Jebel Shams and Treasures of the Interior Tour, there is an activity for everyone’s interests. Book your dates here.,Author Bio: Sue Sanders’ writing has appeared in The New York Times, The Washington Post, the Los Angeles Times, Real Simple, AARP’s The Girlfriend, Vox, Family Circle, Islands and other publications.,What an enjoyable story! The details are swell, and the photos add to the rich atmosphere of the trip being take, although I now have an intense craving for … of course … dates.,St. Patrick and a shade of green,I stretched out under my yellow duvet. A scented breeze off the sea blew the curtains in and out, in and out. Bacon sizzled downstairs. An Irish voice somewhere below in the yard spoke, “Ah, no. Lord, love yeh. Not a’ tall, not a’ tall,,”Was I dreaming? No, I was in Westport, Ireland.,I have been traveling to Ireland for more than 10 years, as a tour guide and teacher. Westport, a designated heritage town situated between the cities of Galway and Sligo on the west coast, is my favorite town in all of Ireland.,Upon landing in Shannon, I drove northwest 100 miles (160 km) to Westport. I was restless from sitting in the car, and decided to take a nice long walk to an old pub. I could have driven to the pub, sure, but I would have missed the fresh sea air, the tang of the newly cut hay and the exercise. As my Uncle Jim, a resident of Limerick, likes to say, I stretched the ol’ legs a bit.,I started at Westport’s heart, a shady boulevard along the Carrowbeg River called “The Mall.” Turning onto James Street, I headed toward the Octagon Monument, in the center of the round-about at the base of Tober Hill. The monument is a statue of Mayo County’s most sacred visitor, St. Patrick.,Rounding the monument, I made my way up the steep, three-block incline of Tober Hill. At the crest, I paused for a few deep gulps of sea air and the view took my breath away: sea, green fields and stone walls ahead of me, the town behind me.,From the hilltop, the path winds down to the ocean through fields, past horse pastures, and behind houses. I paused to rub a horse’s nose, smelled a few late-blooming lilacs and sighed over the graffiti left by school kids on sheds. The path was dense with green leaves and bees, the air rich with the moist scent of growing things. A tractor putted along just behind the hedge, a hedge so dense I could not see the machine itself.,Twenty minutes later I popped out at the waterfront, and walked Quay Road to The Towers. The pub is a “James Joyce Pub Award” prizewinner, lauded for its sense of Joycean tradition. The Towers serves up a delicious fish-bake pie.,Now, if you know your Ulysses, I should have ordered the gorgonzola sandwich and red wine, the choice of the protagonist in the great novel. Each year the novel is celebrated in Dublin as thousands eat this meal — but really, who wants a cheese sandwich when there’s hot, savory pie?,After dinner, I journeyed out for a few pints at Matt Molloy’s Bar, on Bridge Street. The pub is named for and operated by Matt Molloy, flutist with the Chieftains. Playing together since the 1960s, this band has shaped today’s Celtic music. I have been told that if I am lucky, Molloy, himself, might even play.,It’s been known to happen. I have not been so fortunate. However, I will persevere, and I make plans to return to the pub each time I visit Westport. A pub crawl in this town is a fine thing — like Galway used to be, before it was “discovered” by the partying hordes.,Another lovely benefit to a Westport visit is the proximity of Clare Island (population 143). The next day, a 30-minute drive west of town brought me to the Roonagh Quay. The passenger ferry, the Pirate Queen, is named for Grace O’Malley (in Irish, Granuaile), Clare Island’s most famous former inhabitant.,She is one of my heroes — a chieftain who controlled the west coast of Ireland during the English Renaissance. When her husband gave her trouble, she locked him out of the castle and called down to him, “I divorce you!” When England gave her trouble, she sailed up the Thames to confront Queen Elizabeth I, queen to queen.,There are miles of inviting roads to walk on the island, all with views of rugged hills and sheep-filled fields. The main “town” of Clare is near Grace O’Malley’s castle ruins, near the harbor. There are a few B&Bs, a shop and a pub. While there’s not much to buy or eat, there is so much to see. I hiked the flat gravel roads with clear views of sea and sky.,Birds of all descriptions flew overhead. An occasional car drove by, and when it did, I waved. People waved back. Tiny wildflowers grew in the cracks of the stone walls that were laid out in the times of my chieftain hero. Clare Island is beautiful, but it is a hard place. Even on a lovely late spring day, I felt the sting of the winter in the winds that blew steadily off the ocean.,I had lunch at the Bay View Hotel, owned and operated by the same family who runs the ferry. Then I sat back and enjoyed a pint — poured by the boat’s captain — before I caught the ferry back to the mainland.,Later that evening, driving back toward Westport, I kept my eyes open for the lone speed bump on the main road. The hump is the center of Murrisk, a village at the foot of Croagh Patrick mountain.,Here I sought out The Tavern Bar and Restaurant. Recommended by the Irish Fisheries Board (and the ferry captain), the Tavern offered seafood pulled from the water in the morning and served to the restaurant’s patrons in the evening.,For my dinner, I started with a brothy seafood chowder, followed by an appetizer of local Clew Bay mussels, and then poached prawns. All was delicious, but not all was eaten. In Ireland, portions are enormous. My Auntie Jane, Jim’s wife, claims that all Irish mothers overfeed their children because our ancestors went hungry. I felt a bit ashamed wasting food as I did, knowing that I was in County Mayo, one of the hardest-hit counties of the 19th century famine.,The following morning was Sunday. Most of Ireland still is Catholic, so when in Rome … do as the Roman Catholics do. I did; I attended mass at St. Mary’s Church, located on the Mall.,In the afternoon, I drove five miles (8 km) along the coast road back to Croagh Patrick. There, I pulled into a car park at the base of a popular path leading to a statue of St. Patrick, overlooking Clew Bay. Legend has it that in the 5th century this holy man chased the snakes from Eire, but science tells us that serpents never crawled in Ireland.,While the trail leading to the statue is short, I planned to go beyond the statue and climb the peak. I suited up with the proper gear (boots, poncho, fleece, food, water, hat, mittens) and climbed to the top of the 2,510-foot cone (765 m), where there’s a small chapel. Many pilgrims do this climb, stopping and praying along the way at shrines dedicated to St. Patrick.,When he was a younger man, my Uncle Jim climbed every summer with thousands of others. They would hike the shale-strewn path in bare feet as an act of penance. My uncle believes that his last hike, a good three-hour trek, is the reason his son cleaned up his act. Uncle Jim is not alone in his faith; in all seasons the faithful — mainly older, but still a number of young Catholics — pray as they hike up the slippery slope.,I’ve climbed this path a number of times before. Once, when I was climbing in December, a sudden fog came down onto the trail, and from out of the mist, a figure appeared. I thought I was witnessing a miracle, until I saw the green rubber boots. A local farmer in his wellies was looking for his sheep. His only words to me were, “You’d best leave the mountain. We’ve weather coming in.”,Back at the car park, I crossed the road to The Coffin Ship, the country’s largest bronze sculpture — about one-quarter the scale of a real ship — crafted by artist John Behan as a famine memorial. It recalls the horror of the Great Hunger that decimated Ireland in the 1840s.,Metal skeletons intertwine to form a ship that sits upon a hill, overlooking the bay from which thousands of destitute souls sailed for America, Australia and Canada. Gazing at the sculpture, I was moved deeply. I could not help but think of the desperation felt by those who left this lovely place in ships so unseaworthy they were called “coffin” ships. Did any of my ancestors sail on these ships?,Somberly, I drove back to my holiday apartment, rented for 10 days. That night I snuggled under my yellow duvet, exhausted, but thankful for a place like Westport.,If You Go,Westport Tourism,www.destinationwestport.com,Ireland Tourism,www.ireland.ie,Aer Lingus,www.aerlingus.com,Aer Lingus is Ireland’s national airline. It will put you in the right mind set: Guinness is served, and you will be greeted upon arrival into Shannon with a Gaelic “Céad mile fáilte (a 100,000 welcomes).”, ,Haggling is the norm while shopping in many countries. Travel expert Karen Gershowitz offers her tips on how to haggle with confidence,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,In many parts of the world — from Turkey’s bustling bazaars to Morocco’s souks to lively street markets in Asia, the Caribbean and South America — travelers are bound to find themselves haggling with locals. Also known as bargaining or negotiating, haggling is a back-and-forth discussion between a buyer and a seller to agree on a price.,Haggling isn’t just about getting a great deal. It is an experience that’s cultural, engaging, and fun. When you learn to haggle well, it’s like a game where everyone wins. The prizes are memories and a souvenir that will remind you of the experience.,For many Americans, for whom this isn’t a tradition, haggling can be daunting. Some people don’t know how to start. They assume that the exchange will be like dealing with a used car salesman. They worry about being taken advantage of or having to deal with unpleasant aggressiveness by the seller. Other people feel, “I have more money than they do, I’ll just pay what they’re asking.” ,Erase those ideas. In places where haggling is a part of the culture, sellers expect people to negotiate prices. If you feel you want to help support the economy, don’t bargain quite as hard, but do haggle. If you don’t, you are depriving both you and the seller of a fun encounter.,In Turkey, haggling is almost a national sport. When you step into a Turkish shop, you’re not just entering a store, you’re beginning a ritual.,Once, passing through the grand bazaar in Istanbul, I saw unusual and lovely silver boxes on display. The owner beckoned me in and before I’d even looked around, he offered me a cup of sweet apple tea. Nodding my agreement, he sent his assistant to fetch tea and biscuits. This hospitality is not to be rushed; it’s part of the tradition.,I started to look around, asking questions about the items on display. Where had they been made and when?  Which were traditional designs? How long did it take to make them?,While we sipped tea from delicate glass cups, he took time to explain how, where and why the objects were created. He demonstrated some of the techniques. Then came the big question for me, which ones did I like?  We were about to settle into some serious haggling.,Book a 4-Hour Turkish Shopping Experience Tour in Istanbul,Nonchalantly, I pointed to several items that were appealing but didn’t indicate which one I liked best. An hour and another cup of tea later, he told me about his plans to visit relatives in Detroit. All the while, he flirted and joked as we bantered over the price of a few different boxes.,Eventually, we came to an amount we agreed was fair, and I came away with two intricate engraved silver boxes. His assistant polished them, then carefully wrapped them and placed them into a buttery soft cloth carrying bag.,When I exited, the seller gave me a hug. We both enjoyed our afternoon. It’s important to always keep in mind that haggling isn’t about winning; it’s about participating in the ritual.,Read More: 10 Reasons to Visit Istanbul, Turkey,This is just one of countless examples I’ve collected over my five decades of traveling to over 95 countries, many of them numerous times.,In Fes, Morocco, I spent an hour intermittently bargaining and chatting with a jewelry shopkeeper named Ahmed. He sat me down on a tooled-leather hassock and brought me one cup after another of mint tea so sweet it made my teeth ache.,Book a 3-Hour Colorful Souks Tour in Marrakech,He complimented my blue eyes, commenting on how one necklace he showed me matched them, and would attract every man I met. After a long stretch pretending to be shocked at the prices he quoted, and offering lowball figures that shocked him in return, we had agreed on a number. I paid several dollars, plus after fetching a new outfit at my hotel, I would give him the blue knit shirt I was wearing for his wife.,I’ve learned that you don’t need to be fluent, but a few phrases in the local language can make haggling more engaging.,Read More: Morocco Travel Guide: Frequently Asked Questions About Travel in Morocco,In Mexico, a simple “Cuánto cuesta?” (How much does it cost?) or “Puedes hacerme un descuento?” (Can you give me a discount?) has produced smiles and an interest in working with me. A small calculator is helpful to show the seller the price you’re offering.,In Taxco, a city renowned for silver, the first shop I entered had spectacular jewelry. I suspected the rings and earrings were out of my price range.,When I asked the price for a simple ring, my suspicions were confirmed. Rather than engage in bargaining, I said a respectful “gracias,” and left. The jewelry in the next shop was nice, but nothing really caught my eye. Again, I said “gracias,” and left.,Bargaining, if you know you are unlikely to buy anything, is considered rude. Understanding what’s socially acceptable — and is not — is an important part of making haggling a good cultural experience. So is knowing when to walk away.,Book your stay in Taxco, Mexico here,Author Bio: Karen Gershowitz has been traveling solo since age seventeen, when she flew to Europe and didn’t return to the US for three years. In her career as a marketing strategist and researcher she traveled the world conducting thousands of meetings, focus groups and interviews. When traveling for pleasure, those same skills helped her to draw out people’s stories. She learned about their lives, as well as local customs and fashions and what makes them laugh. Her first book of travel stories, Travel Mania, explores the confluence of travel and life events and how travel has changed her beliefs and life direction. Her new book, Wanderlust: Extraordinary People, Quirky Places and Curious Cuisine continues those stories, addressing issues readers have asked to hear more about—memorable food, people, and places she experienced in her travels. She hopes these stories tickle the travel bug in readers and set them off on their own adventures. Karen lives in New York City.,Chicago is known for its art museums and historic buildings, including the country’s first skyscraper.,In the bustling northeastern Illinois metropolis of Chicago, just getting around can be half the adventure. With a public transportation system second in the United States only to New York, options include buses, taxis and the “L” train (Chicago’s elevated subway system, so nicknamed because when it was first completed in 1943, most of it was elevated). Of course there’s always the more scenic option of walking.,On a recent visit to the windy city, my husband, Jeremy, and I decided to forego the plethora of cabs and hoof it to most of our destinations as we explored the arts and the city’s rich architectural history. Touring Chicago on foot would give us the chance to explore corner cafes and bistros and make us feel a part of the city.,The Chicago Architecture Foundation (CAF) provides many options for viewing historic and modern-day architecture. In addition to bus, boat and neighborhood tours, guided walking tours are a great way to observe the city. Most of the tours last two hours, and begin at the ArchiCenter Shop & Tour Center in the Santa Fe Building, at 224 South Michigan Avenue.,The CAF tour guides are all volunteers, with a wealth of knowledge concerning not only the history of the buildings themselves, but also of the architects who designed them. Interesting asides about the city’s history keep tour-goers captivated along the journey.,Jeremy and I took the historic skyscrapers tour, which covers skyscrapers built between 1885 and 1935. We learned how Chicago’s architecture was forever changed by the Great Chicago Fire of 1871.,In 1870, Chicago was growing rapidly, with a population of 300,000 people, many of whom worked in manufacturing jobs. Then in 1871, a fire started in a barn outside Chicago, and strong winds spread it to the city.,More than 17,000 structures were destroyed, and several hundred people died in the fire. Since the United States was in a recession, rebuilding didn’t begin until a decade later.,With land at a premium by then, architects began expanding buildings vertically, instead of horizontally. The first skyscrapers built following the fire were 16 to 18 stories high.,During this time, a school of architects was active in Chicago, and they created what became known as the Chicago School of architecture, with innovations in structure and design that helped to make Chicago the birthplace of the skyscraper.,The new style included steel-frame buildings clad with terra cotta, numerous windows to bring in ambient light and simple exterior adornment. Architects who were instrumental in implementing this new style of design included Daniel Burnham and Louis Sullivan.,The Santa Fe Building (224 S. Michigan Ave.), designed by architect Daniel Burnham’s firm in 1904, is a prime example of the “Chicago School” style of architecture. It now houses the Chicago Architecture Foundation. This simple structure features clean lines and numerous windows.,The building was originally designed with a light well, which served the purpose of providing light to the inner spaces of the building. The light well was converted to an atrium in the 1980s.,The Old Colony Building (407 S. Dearborn St.), constructed in 1894 by William Holabird and partners, was also built in the Chicago School style. A unique design feature of this building is its rounded corners with oriel windows. Although the building has minimal ornamentation, the gracefully curved corners with windows add elegance to the exterior.,The Fine Arts Building (410 S. Michigan Ave.), built in 1885 by Solon S. Beman, is the oldest on the historic high-rises tour. Arched windows accentuate the top three floors. This building has the distinction of being the only one left in the city today with a human-operated elevator, which takes visitors back to a time when all elevators were run this way.,For those interested in modern architecture, a tour of skyscrapers built after 1950 is also available. This tour introduces visitors to architectural wonders such as the 1,450-foot-tall (442 m) Sears Tower (233 South Wacker Dr.), completed in 1974, which to this day remains the tallest building in North America, and the 1,127-foot-tall (344 m) John Hancock Center (875 North Michigan Ave.).,High atop the John Hancock Center, visitors can enjoy unobstructed views of the city from the open-air viewing center at the Hancock Observatory. The Chicago Architecture Foundation even offers a tour of the newly completed Millennium Park, a redeveloped section of Grant Park.,Millennium Park, which opened in the summer of 2004, is a showcase for art, including Cloud Gate, a 110-ton stainless-steel art structure. An outdoor pavilion here is the setting for free classical concerts on weekends. The 24.5 acre (0.10 km²) park also houses the amazing Crown Fountain, which consists of two 50-foot (15.2 m) glass blocks, and features lights and video images.,Chicago is also home to world-renowned art museums, such as the Field Museum, the Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art and the Art Institute of Chicago. The Field Museum is known for its blockbuster exhibits and its impressive research staff, especially in the fields of biology and paleontology.,The current exhibit, through January 1, 2007, is “Tutankhamun and the Golden Age of the Pharaohs.” Jeremy and I visited the Museum of Contemporary Art. The museum boasts an eclectic mix of works by well-known and new artists.,One work, called Proportioned to the Groove, 2005, by Sarah Sze, is composed of ordinary household items, including a bottle of glass cleaner and potato  chip crumbs positioned on the floor, under a floor-to-ceiling canopy of string.,Visitors must navigate their way under a break in the string in order to continue to the next exhibit. Chuck Close’s Cindy, oil on canvas, is an example of  pointillism. When I viewed up close, it appeared to be nothing more than a series of precisely placed dots, but when I stepped back 10 feet (3 m), it became a  portrait of a woman.,We also explored The Art Institute of Chicago, which has two functions: a top-notch art school and a museum. In the institute’s Kraft Education Center, for  young children, the long-term display “Faces, Places and Inner Spaces” combines paintings, sculpture and hands-on activities to help children develop their  own stories.,Artists’ demonstrations, family activities and the Family Reading Room are other important parts of the institute’s mission to introduce children to art. The  institute was recently named one of the 10 best art museums for kids by Child magazine.,Upstairs is a diverse art collection with objects ranging from African art, arms and armor to European decorative arts. Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Indian  works of art are displayed here, with an extensive exhibit of Japanese woodblock prints dating back to the early 17th century.,The museum also features an impressive collection of American and European paintings and drawings by Degas, Renoir, Monet and Picasso, among others.  A new wing of the museum is slated to open in 2009, increasing museum space by 33 percent. The new wing will be constructed of glass, steel and  limestone, and will house the museum’s modern and contemporary art collection.,Walking tours take re-fueling. Since Chicago is known for its Chicago-style pizza, with its thick, stuffed crust, at lunchtime we looked for a place to experience this local food. We settled in at a table at Giordano’s (www.giordanos.com), a Chicago-based chain.
Several locations are scattered throughout the city.,At dinnertime, we enjoyed the fare at the Coco Pazzo Café (636 N. Saint Clair St.), an intimate neighborhood restaurant specializing in casual Italian cuisine. Hand-painted murals on the walls added to the cozy ambiance, where we enjoyed a dinner of rigatoni butera with homemade fennel sausage and peas, and grilled ahi tuna.,We had to try the restaurant’s signature dessert, tartufo, scooped balls of chocolate and vanilla gelato, with almonds and dark chocolate–dipped cherries. Just like Chicago, it was plain on the outside, with surprising delights inside.,If You Go,Maps of the city and of the “L” transit system are very helpful navigating tools. Most museums offer a free day; call ahead or visit Websites to find out when these are.,Chicago Convention and Tourism Bureau,www.choosechicago.com,Chicago Architecture Foundation,Walking-tour tickets can be purchased for as little as US$ 11.,224 S. Michigan Ave.,312-922-3432,www.architecture.org,The Field Museum,1400 S. Lakeshore Dr.,312-922-9410,www.fieldmuseum.org,Museum of Contemporary Art,220 E. Chicago Ave.,312-280-2660,www.mcachicago.org,The Art Institute of Chicago,111 S. Michigan Ave.,312-443-3600,www.artic.edu,This little-known tour route offers vineyards, wineries, savory cuisine and age-old pastoral settings.,There’s something else to discover too: Vinho verde, the northwest’s regional wine.,The literal translation means “green wine,” and its medium alcoholic content and fruity flavor make it the perfect companion for meals enjoyed along this route, which runs from the Douro River north to the Spanish border.,The historic city of Porto, whose old center has been deemed a World Heritage site by UNESCO, is the gateway to the Vinho Verde route.,With the enchanting Douro River rimming Porto on the south, colorful old buildings perch elegantly on incredibly narrow streets and laundry flutters from balconies.,To rub elbows with the locals, especially in the late afternoon, the place to go is the Cais da Ribeira, or river quays. This dockside area with an abundance of outdoor cafes is the perfect spot to see rabelos, the antique boats used to transport another fermented favorite, the city’s fabled Port wine, from the vineyards downstream to the cellars for aging.,That tradition ended in 1965, and now the wine makes its way by truck, however, the methods of achieving that world-renowned Port are the same as centuries ago. To learn more about that process, visitors can take the guided tours offered at the Port lodges in Vila Nova de Gaia, the center of Port wine production, just a 15-minute walk from the Ribeira on the other side of the Douro river.,Thirty-seven miles (60 km) north of Porto and right on the Atlantic Ocean is Viana do Castelo, a town with roots stretching back to 1258. The town, a vibrant fishing community, was the launching pad for some of Portugal’s famous explorers who set off to chart an unknown world in the 15th century.,These days, Viana, as it is known to natives, is the place to go for authentic northern cuisine such as vinho verde and Rojões à Minhota, a tasty meal of roast pork and sausage.,The top of the domed Santa Luzia Sanctuary here offers a panoramic view. Although an elevator will take visitors up in about 10 seconds, walking up the concrete steps will earn you bragging rights, especially if you squeeze through the inexplicably narrow spiral staircase that claustrophobics would be well advised to avoid. But the reward is well worth the effort: an unparalleled view of the city with the Atlantic Ocean beyond.,Slightly northeast and directly on the Spanish border, with only the River Minho as a dividing marker, is the walled town of Valença do Minho. It was this strategic position that made the area desirable as a fortress.,The fort walls, although destroyed numerous times throughout history by different warring factions (Barbarians, Arabs and most recently, the French in the 19th century) are still standing and well preserved. A stroll alongside the fortress wall reveals vignettes of a simpler life.,Locals go for horseback rides, sheep graze along the river and children kick soccer balls. Inside the walls, neighbors chat from their windows to passersby and flowers are left at the little chapels that line the cobbled streets.,If You Go,Vinho Verde Route
https://rota.vinhoverde.pt/DiVino,Portugal Online
www.portugal.com,Eager to plan a future trip to Mexico? Here are four top Mexican destinations to rediscover on your next vacation in Mexico.,Take it from us, the “been there, done that” adage really doesn’t apply to Mexico. It’s one of those holiday destinations that get under your skin – a single visit just doesn’t cut it.,If you’ve holidayed in Mexico in the past but are keen to rekindle old memories, let us tempt you with these four must-visit places to rediscover.,Tucked away at the southern tip of Baja California, Los Cabos is the collective name given to two of Mexico’s most prestigious resorts, Cabo San Lucas and San Jose del Cabo.,Once a sleepy fishing village, Cabo San Lucas now hosts much larger vessels as the primary cruise ship terminal for the area. Despite its relatively late development as a tourist hub, the natural landscape is beautiful. This is where the desert meets the sea.,UNESCO recognises the rugged terrain of the Sierra de la Laguna. Hikers who reach its highest point are rewarded with extraordinary views out over the ocean. The sea too is a major draw. On land, the rock pinnacles of Lover’s Beach and the dramatic wave-cut arch at Land’s End are a reminder of the force of nature.,Out to sea, humpback whales and whale sharks entertain visitors; snorkelling and diving are popular pastimes here. Sportfishing for marlin and tuna is another reason to make the trip.,On the Riviera Maya, the crystal-clear waters of the Caribbean Sea gently lap white sand as soft as sugar. Palm trees sway gently in the breeze. If you thought paradise couldn’t get any better than this, you’d be mistaken. This resort area offers so much more.,The grey stone of Mayan temples, ball courts and observatories are littered across the Yucatan peninsula, still half-hidden in the jungle which once concealed them completely.,Chichen Itza, Tulum, Coba: their names are well known, but that doesn’t make them any less breathtaking when you first clap eyes on them.,Beneath them, the limestone rock is riddled with flooded underground caverns known as cenotes. Rappel into a dazzling subterranean world and cool off in these hidden pools.,Add to the mix thrilling theme parks like Xcaret and Xplor, not to mention a string of world-class hotels and it’s easy to see why this is one of Mexico’s most popular tourist destinations.,If there’s one thing that Mexico does well, it’s planned resorts – you’ve only got to look at Cancun for proof. Nuevo Vallarta is no exception. Located just north of Puerto Vallarta on the country’s Pacific coast, they share the picturesque Bahia de Banderas.,Nuevo Vallarta boasts a marina and several golf courses, not to mention the obligatory broad swath of sand that visitors love so much. Deluxe resorts line a five-mile stretch of beach; it’s hard to drag yourself away.,But if you do, visit the Marieta Islands just beyond the bay. Their reputation as an important centre for wildlife is justified. Tourism has helped protect the environment and as a result, over 40 species of plants and wildlife thrive here.,Dolphins, manta rays, sea turtles and tropical fish are joined in the winter months by migratory humpback whales.,The Four Tops famously sang “you’ll be going loco down in Acapulco; the magic down there is so strong”.,The lyrics are as true today as they were when the song made the charts over three decades ago. Acapulco’s longevity as a resort is a reminder of just how remarkable a place it is, though these days it caters more to a domestic clientele.,Yet it was the international jet set of the 1950s and 1960s that set-in motion the area’s unstoppable development as a tourism mecca. The high rises that line this stretch of the Pacific coast house the hotels, clubs, cocktail bars and restaurants that breathe life into the place particularly after dark.,But none of that would have happened if it wasn’t for the incredible beaches and towering cliffs. The latter give rise to perhaps what’s Acapulco’s most famous attraction.,In a tradition dating back to the 1930s, La Quebrada’s cliff divers plunge 40 metres into an inlet just 7 metres wide and 4 metres deep – timing is crucial if they are to avoid injury. It’s a spectacle that you really must see in real life.,Ready to explore these must-see spots in Mexico? Start planning your vacation with insider tips on the best beaches, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the best flight promotions and car rental options, check out CheapOair.,Get the ultimate gear, swimsuits and stylish travel clothes for your vacation at the best price available from Sierra Trading Post.,Author Bio: Kaloyan Valentino Danchev is the founder and president of a luxury travel firm, Fidelis Marketing Group. It is a business group that sells tourist facilities of the highest quality and tours to the best attractions of the locations in which we have a presence.,Pub-hopping is a great way to get to know a community — through their tastebuds.,“A good puzzle would be to cross Dublin without passing a pub,” writer James Joyce reputedly suggested. But actually, it would be just as impossible a task to locate a town in Ireland and England without a pub.,Recently my wife, Jackie, and I set out to find unique pubs in those countries. Initially, the challenge we set for ourselves was to find the very oldest ones. We soon found that many pubs claimed to be the oldest. In any case, almost all pubs were old by our North American standards.,“Recent” pubs dated back to the 1800s. Older pubs claimed histories back to the 1700s and “ancient” ones had fireplaces, walls or courtyards that were dated back to the 1500s.,So we modified our original criterion and looked for pubs with unique stories or histories. Our search began in Galway, in western Ireland. There we found what could best be described as pub-lined lanes.,READ MORE: Top 10 Things to Do in Ireland,The most popular is The Quays (11 Quay Street, Galway, Ireland). This pub is “only” about 200 years old but has artifacts and furnishings that are much older. There are six bars, each with a distinct décor and furniture. We sat on ancient theater seats in a small alcove listening to music and watching the lively, young crowd drink their ales.,The story that attracted us to this quaint place was that of the original owners, two sisters, Mary and Delia Lydon. Delia was said to have been an ultra-large woman whose bloomers when hung out to dry would be mistaken for sails by fishermen in Galway Bay.,Moving on we next sought out the very popular Bunratty Castle, a Norman fortress in Ireland’s County Clare. It boasts four towers, dungeons and spiral staircases.,Right beside the medieval castle in Bunratty Village, we found the famous “Durty Nelly’s.” (It is located on the main Galway-Limerick route in Bunratty Village, Ireland.),Bunratty Castle sits on the mouth of the Shannon River. A modern bridge now spans the river but centuries ago a wooden toll bridge was there. Nelly was the toll keeper. One night she was robbed and that night in her restless sleep she dreamed up the recipe for poitín (pronounced put-CHEEN), the Irish version of white lightening (illegally distilled whiskey). The drink was a hit with travelers and Nelly opened a pub.,The current 17th-century ramshackle cottage houses many rooms and still serves travelers. Durty Nelly’s is said to be the oldest pub in Ireland. A claim we couldn’t verify. Here we learned that all castles had pubs to provide rest and recreation for the soldiers.,And there were pubs at almost all river crossings, as well. The pubs then and now provided many services. They were places to sleep, conduct trade, eat, store goods, gather, gossip and be entertained.,Pubs across Ireland and England have a familiar comfort. Low-beamed, smoke-darkened, smelling of centuries of peat or wood fires with walls covered with ancient graffiti, the traveler quickly feels at home. Local history is preserved on “Durty Nelly’s” walls.,Pictures of heroes, even the firemen of Irish descent who perished at the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York City are enshrined for posterity’s sake. Yet each pub is individual in its placement, name and character.,Names such as the “Pickled Pilot”, “Rat and Parrot”, “The Brain’s Surgery” “Frog and Nightgown” and “The Tippling Philosopher” are surprisingly common. Pubs are located in old mills, ancient manors, barns, stables, old jails and even suicide sites. Wherever life happened, there was a pub to toast to it.,As we made our way to the Republic of Ireland’s capital Dublin, we found that there was at least agreement on the oldest city pub here. “The Brazen Head“ (20 Lower Bridge Street, Dublin, Ireland) is acknowledged as having been in the present location since 1688. Records show that the site dates back to the 11th century.,Located not far from the landing site of the Norman invasion led by William the Conqueror in the 12th century and near Dublin Castle, the claim seemed believable to us.,The pub has been a witness to history, as the chiefs of the Irish rebellion of 1798 met there. Even Winston Churchill was a patron once.,We sat almost invisible in a darkened corner and could easily imagine the secret talks. Today the pub is a tourist attraction but locals still meet to play pool, darts, chat, and have an ale or cider after work.,The walls are covered with historical soot-stained pictures and posters. Beer kegs fill the front courtyard along with tables that are used in the summer. Worth a visit if only to say that one has been in Dublin’s oldest pub.,Pubs also play a part in nursery rhymes:,Little Jack Horner sat in the corner,,Eating a Christmas pie:,He put in his thumb, and pulled out a plum,,And said, “What a good boy am I!?,Allegedly, “Little Jack Horner” had his pie in Talbot House (Selwood Street, Mells,
Bath; www.talbotinn.com), which is a pub today. Talbot House is located on the Talbot estate which was once owned by Thomas Horner (Jack in the nursery rhyme) who allegedly filched the deed from a pie.,As the new head of the Church of England, Henry VIII confiscated Roman Catholic property in England between 1536 and 1540. Legend has it that during the dissolution of the monasteries, the Abbot of Glastonbury sent his steward Thomas Horner to the King with the deeds to eleven estates hidden in a pie.,The manor deeds were a peace offering to avoid the destruction of the Abbey. Thomas had the job of delivering the pie, but extracted the deeds of the Manor of Mells, thereby becoming the Lord. Of course, descendants of Horner who still live in the Manor House dispute the story.,The pub is located in a spacious barn where local farmers invited us to share an ale and talk. Behind the bar is a large mural depicting the everyday life on the estate: Farmers, herders, weavers, shepherds and dancers are depicted all happily serving the manor. Obviously showing the Lord’s view of manor life.,Want to go jail? May as well go to one that serves ales and cider.,The City Arms (69 High Street, Wells, England) is located in the ancient medieval town of Wells in Southwest England. Little Wells (population of about 10,000) remained largely untouched. High walls, moats, the oldest medieval street in England, a drawbridge and a large cathedral all exist as they were centuries ago. In the “City Arms” you may come upon the mayor, many students and a few tourists.,Aside from manacles, leg irons and handcuffs hanging from beams the old pub doesn’t retain many of the trappings of the old jail, but a jail it was.,On to the best-known claimant of the oldest pub in England, The George at Norton St. Philip (High Street, Norton St. Philip, England; www.thegeorgeinn-nsp.co.uk), a small village six miles (9.6 km) southeast of Bath. “The George” looks really old.,The 15th-century building has low doors, a high arched gateway for coaches, multiple rooms, comfortable chairs, fireplaces and a board for a bar. Legend is that James Scott 1st Duke of Monmouth (1649–1685) and his troops stayed here in 1685 during the rebellion.,The Duke, an illegitimate son of Charles II and pretender to the English throne must have been short, as anyone over five feet six inches (1.67 m) will have to duck to enter.,The modern road in front of the pub detracts from its medieval look, but once inside it is easy to visualize life in a medieval roadhouse.,The furniture would be desired by antique dealers, yet we were welcome to sit on 200-year-old chairs and set ale glasses on old tables. The only reminder of being in the 21st century is the occasional tourist taking a photo.,Some pubs have it all, history, age, unique beer and a great setting. One such pub is the Cross Guns Avoncliff, located on the Avon River just outside the town of Bradford-on-Avon. The 16th-century pub overlooks one of the engineering marvels of the 19th century.,From a park-like setting, one can watch canal boats cross the Avon on a high-elevated viaduct. The viaduct itself crosses a railroad track, which in turn crosses the river.,Picture this: You might see a narrow canal boat motoring over a train, which is crossing over a ship sailing on the river. All the while sitting at picnic tables in a flower garden.,The pub itself is unique. A huge fireplace dominates the main room. Next to the fireplace is a “priest hole” where Catholic priests were hidden to avoid death during the reformation.,A previous owner who also owned a mill partially paid his workers in tokens, which were only redeemable for ale.,The last token to be redeemed was used 120 years after being issued.,Many world currencies didn’t retain their value as well as the ale tokens. At the barkeeper’s suggestion, we tried Mill Worker’s ale and it was delicious.,We enjoyed local ales and ciders in many more pubs ― some bridging rivers with huge still operable water wheels in the bar, others with claims of ghosts. If the pub was not crowded the bartender always had time to tell local history. If it was busy in the barroom, a local patron would surely inquire about us and tell the stories.,Pubs provide an easy, affordable and fun way to see England and Ireland. Pick a region, use the Internet or buy a local pub guide. Better yet just ask at the hotel, train station or a passerby. Everyone has a favorite pub and every pub has a tale.,Reflecting on the past in our nation’s capital.,Despite the buzzing pace and constant change that defines much of Washington, D.C., I wanted to delve into the heart of this city where time slows down and the past is revered.,My journey through history begins at the National Mall, a sweep of grassy land stretching over 2 miles (3.2 kilometers). Bordering the U.S. Capitol  to the east and with the Lincoln Memorial defining its western edge, “The Mall” is in close proximity to numerous monuments and museums.,The Washington Monument, the tallest silhouette in the skyline, is prominent from a distance and magnificent up close. At more than 555 feet (169.3 meters), the stone obelisk towers above me. On this particularly windy day, the flags encircling the structure  snap fiercely to attention. Dedicated in 1985, more than  30 years after construction began, Robert Mills’ design included stones donated from a variety of cultural, social and professional groups as well as foreign nations. The stature of the piece is quite telling as it commemorates the nation’s first president, George Washington, who, as Henry Lee stated, was “”first in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his countrymen.”,I detour to Constitution Gardens, a 52-acre (210,440 m2) park adjacent to The Mall and referred to as “a living tribute.” Crossing a short wooden bridge, I step foot onto the small memorial island designed by Joseph Brown. In 1976, the nation’s bicentennial, this little haven was dedicated to the 56 signers of the Declaration of Independence. Positioned in a semi-circle on a brick walkway, individual blocks of granite are inscribed with each signature along with their trades and cities.,Back at The Mall,  the National World War II Memorial, designed by Friedrich St. Florian, is a massive plaza located directly between the Washington and Lincoln memorials. Not only are soldiers remembered here but also civilians involved in the war effort at home.,It would take hours, or even days, to fully absorb the entire structure. Fifty-six granite pillars encircle the plaza, each with the name of a state or U.S. territory. The “Rainbow Pool” in the center of the plaza consists of a circular set of fountains. Brass eagles, archways, stone
wreaths, inscribed quotes, relief panels and military seals are just a few of the commemorative details.,However, the most striking feature, immediately seen from within the plaza, is the 9-foot (2.7 meter) high Freedom Wall. A panel is dotted with row after row of gold stars, 4,043 in all,  each star representing 100 fallen soldiers.,By this time, my heart is heavy and my head is full. I find it impossible to separate the history I’ve learned from the ghosts that accompany it. I head back to the hotel.,After dinner, I again wander toward The Mall. The Washington Monument, illuminated and severe in the night sky, makes it easy to find my way. As I walk westward, I pass the pillars of the WWII Memorial, each lit from the base on both sides, casting an array of fierce shadows upward.,Strolling along the lengthy Reflection Pool, I note the stillness of the water. Others are also wandering near the pool, yet there’s a peaceful silence. As we pass one another, a polite nod and smile are exchanged but it’s as though no one is willing to break the serenity with chatter.,Finally, I arrive at the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, built to honor the 16th U.S. president. The white marble columns are so brilliant they appear to be nearly glowing. While it had looked quite regal from across the pool, the memorial was increasingly awe-inspiring as I edged closer.,Henry Bacon, designer of both the building and the pool, had used a Greek-style temple design for this 99 foot (30 meter) structure. Inside,  words from Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address and an inaugural speech are inscribed on the lit walls of the sanctuary. Colorful murals, created by Jules Guerin, are painted above the inscriptions, depicting the freeing of slaves and unity between North and South.,The nearly 20×20 foot (6×6 meter) marble statue of a seated Abraham Lincoln demands my attention. Sculpted by Daniel Chester French, Lincoln is sitting in a no-nonsense manner on a throne, with a somber facial expression  as he gazes toward the pool. I turn to look in the same direction and take in a spectacular view of the Washington Monument reflection distinctly laid out in the water.,The next day, I have a final stop to make before leaving town and walk in the brisk morning air to the western perimeter of Consitution Gardens. As I walk across the grounds I see the sleek slabs of black granite edge out from the earth from two directions, angling upward until they meet in  a long V.,Designed by Maya Lin and completed in 1982, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall leaves behind the controversy surrounding this divisive war and focuses on honoring the lives lost. More than 58,000 names of those killed  or  missing are  etched into the polished sheet. At this early hour a man stands intently before the wall, a pensive look on his face. He leans toward the stone with his forearms, places a piece of white paper on it and, with pencil in hand, rubs the paper over one name in particular.,As I turn to go, I hear yelling and chanting near the gardens. A group of jogging Marines arrive and, the moment they reach the memorial, immediately slow to a walk and go silent. They continue along the path in front of the wall, many glancing over as they stride by.,Looking back at the wall, I’m struck by the haunting reflections of these military men and women, clearly visible in the glossy surface, behind the thousands of names they pass.,If You Go,www.washington.org,www.dcmemorials.com, ,This blog has inspired me to plan a trip to Washington, D.C., and explore these locations firsthand. Thank you for this informative and engaging post!,Do you have Polish roots? Poland invites you to come for a visit and learn more about your family heritage.,Close to 9 million Americans say that they have Polish heritage. More and more are discovering their roots by traveling to Poland to experience the Baltic Sea, the Tatra Mountains and everything in between.,From windsurfing, biking and kayaking during the summer to skiing, snowboarding and hiking in the winter, Poland has everything you need to spend an active vacation in the heart of Europe.,You’ll also be able to unwind and relax in Poland’s many spas and resorts. So whether you’re into big-city hotels, cultural festivals, and music concerts or picturesquely located manors, farms, and rural vineyards, Poland has everything for your journey of self-discovery.,Finding out about our family’s history often begins by dusting off our old photo albums. We see our grandparents and great-grandparents in foreign towns and landscapes; we remember stories told by our moms and dads about their journey to America; we can almost smell the traditional food that they cooked during the holidays.,These memories make us feel at home and that is the same feeling you’ll have when visiting Poland.,As you are discovering ancient cities that were the historic capitals of kings, hiking through breathtaking national parks, or tasting beer at one of the many microbreweries, one thing will always be there during your entire trip: Polish hospitality. This hospitality is legendary and is linked to delicious cuisine.,Anyone who has been to a Polish wedding can attest to the spirit of culinary delights mixing with tradition, laughter, and festivities. In the mountains or by the sea, in the tranquil countryside or busy cities, the magic of flavors and tastes will make your trip to Poland unforgettable.,Exploring the country of your ancestry will give you a chance to practice saying dzień dobry (jane-doh-brih, good morning), jak sie masz? (yahk shay mahsh? how are you?), and na zdrowie (nah zdroh-vyeh, Cheers!). And although you’ll be greeted with smiles and friendly responses, if you want to stick to English, that will work too.,According to the EF English Proficiency Index for 2021, out of 112 countries and regions in the world, Poland ranks 16 in terms of English skills – ahead of Switzerland (ranked 25), France (31), and Italy (35).,For centuries, Poland has been at the crossroads of different cultures. You can learn about its past and people by exploring some of the best and most interactive museums in Europe.,After taking in this rich history and flourishing culture, you can relax on the boulevards, beaches, and promenades along the banks of the beautiful rivers that flow through Polish cities.,Moving around the country is simple and convenient with a network of trains and flights between cities and towns.,With direct flights from Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami, New York and Newark, you’ll be in Poland in a few hours. The flight is just an hour longer than if you were traveling to London.,Whether you are looking to increase your fitness, reduce stress, or simply indulge yourself with luxury spa treatments, there is plenty to choose from in Poland.,A bracing coastal breeze helps to restore fitness and a stroll along the edge of the Baltic Sea, where the waves break, can be enormously revitalizing due to the increased levels of oxygen and iodine which leave your brain, skin, and muscles feeling rejuvenated. ,Poland has the highest-quality hotels in the world. They are new, affordable, and will make your stay an unforgettable experience. The Polish Złoty remains the country’s currency and Poland is not in the eurozone.,So whether you’re sightseeing, shopping for gifts and souvenirs, staying in chain or boutique hotels, or dining in acclaimed restaurants, Poland gives you the most bang for your buck.,Take a trip to discover your roots and you’ll come home enchanted by Poland’s hospitality and your Polish heritage. To get started, go to www.poland.travel/en,Read More:
Krakow From Above: Tower Views of the Medieval City
Solidarity in Gdansk: A Father-Son Trip in Poland,Jazz may have been born in New Orleans, but Kansas City is where jazz grew up and got an attitude. Here’s where to see jazz in Kansas City.,Standing on the corner of 18th and Vine listening to jazz in Kansas City, Missouri is one of those pop culture travel mandates for jazz fans — in the same vein as standing on a corner in Winslow.,Arizona or crossing London’s Abbey Road barefoot is for rock n’ roll. It’s just one of those things you have to do.,The 18th and Vine reference is not one everyone gets, but if you know jazz, if you can hum the tune to “Goin’ to Kansas City,” you recognize that the 18th and Vine Historic District here is some place special.,At one time almost 200 juke joints operated 24 hours a day there, pumping music into the street and creating a more mellow sound than that found in New Orleans. ,Sure, jazz was born in N’Orleans, but those who know this genre of music will tell you that Kansas City is where jazz grew up and gained an attitude.,Located in the heartland of America, where the Midwest becomes the West, Kansas City is a crossroads of many cultures.,Known for its iconic Spanish architecture on the Country Club Plaza and as one of the great barbecue hubs of the U.S.,Kansas City’s influence on jazz comes from a time in the U.S. known as Prohibition – a 13-year period that began in 1920 when serving alcohol was illegal in this country.,However, alcohol was flowing freely in Kansas City, thanks to a crime boss named Tom Pendergast who was not intimidated by a little thing like the U.S. Constitution.,Jazz musicians from around the world followed the alcohol and found their way to the jazz clubs of Kansas City, predominantly the 18th & Vine District., In so doing, they experienced a new freedom and energy that expressed itself through their music and became the Kansas City sound.,Where New Orleans jazz is dominated by brass, Kansas City jazz expresses itself with more piano and more bass. Part swing, part bee bop, Kansas City jazz is considered more bluesy.,Some call it “cool jazz.” It’s an earthy, sultry blend of melody, rhythm and harmony that feeds the soul of Kansas City as sure as barbecue feeds its body.,The American Jazz Museum shares space with the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in a complex called The Museums of 18th and Vine.,Charlie Bird Parker’s saxophone is here and extensive exhibits on Ella Fitzgerald, Jay McShann, Count Basie and Louis Armstrong, among many others.,They all attribute much of their success to Kansas City and the freedom they had to explore and grow in their craft.,Pick up head sets and listen to what distinguishes their sound and the Kansas City sound from others.,Listen in on jam sessions or take control of an audio board and see what a little more bass will do to a particular song. Then come back at night to the Blue Room for one of the best live jazz shows in the city.,True understanding of Kansas City jazz comes after a night in the Blue Room, a part of the American Jazz Museum.,This live performance venue was named for the nightclub in the basement of the Street Hotel, a popular Kansas City destination in the 1930s and 40s.,The Blue Room hosts listening parties to help teach adults about the uniqueness of Kansas City jazz.,Workshops featuring the music of Duke Ellington and other artists fill the calendar and across the street at the Gem Theatre.,Just around the corner from the Jazz Museum is the Mutual Musician’s Foundation, part union hall, rehearsal hall and jazz joint, which really gets hopping in the wee hours of the weekends. ,This place is recognized as the longest continuously operating jazz joint in the world and according to Playboy Magazine, one of the top 10 bars in the United States.,It’s so special that the state of Missouri has granted special dispensation to serve alcohol past 3 AM; the booze here flows until 6 AM.,Each Saturday at midnight, the building is the site of a live radio jazz show on KCUR-FM, Kansas City’s public radio station.,A couple of other good places to hear jazz includes the basement of the Majestic Steakhouse on Broadway, the Drum Room of the Hilton President Hotel, and The Phoenix Jazz Bar.,Author Bio: Based in the Kansas City metro, Diana Lambdin Meyer and her husband Bruce are both award-winning members of the Society of American Travel Writers. Follow their journeys around the globe @mojotraveler.com,A traveler overcomes her fears to enjoy Iceland’s hot springs like the locals do. Here’s what you should know about visiting Iceland’s geothermal pools.,“Sorry, but are you in the queue?”,I turn to see a lovely young British woman smiling warmly at me. I nod and she begins to chat me up about the wait for the restroom, as if this were the most normal thing in the world.,On the other side of me, a middle-aged Icelandic woman taps her foot in frustration. Some American is using the one bathroom in this locker room to change clothes. She rolls her eyes. I roll my eyes in return — Americans.,Although I, too, am American, I’ve been in Iceland for a week now and feel that I have been naked in front of enough strangers to justify my smugness.,I’ve hiked to obscure hot springs at the bottom of mountains (Seljavallalaug), hobnobbed at the trendy Blue Lagoon.,Now I am casually chatting with random European women in the buff at yet another geothermal pool (Secret Lagoon).,For the past six months, I have been preparing my daughters for this very scenario. At ages eight and ten, they have not had much exposure to group nudity growing up in Middle America.,But since one of the major selling points of Iceland was that we could swim in “natural hot tubs” (geothermal pools), it was important that they be mentally prepared.,I explained that while we would be in swimsuits in the hot springs, we would be expected to shower nude before swimming to ensure cleanliness.,No showering in their suits. And, I added incessantly, we would be showering with strangers.,One night about three weeks before our trip, my eight-year-old daughter was getting ready to shower when she turned to me anxiously.,“Mommy, will you be with us in the shower in Iceland?”,“Of course,” I said dismissively.,“I don’t want to share a shower with a stranger! How are we all going to fit in there anyway?”,Oh, did I forget to explain to my kids that this would be a large locker room shower situation?,Apparently for the last six months, my little girl had been losing sleep over sharing one shower stall with random naked strangers.,“Oh my god, no! No, there will be lots of showers in a big room. You will be with me and your sister only, I promise.” The kid smiled in serious relief.,We watched videos on YouTube of Icelandic people singing a tune to remind tourists which body parts must be washed before swimming: Head, armpits, crotch and toes, crotch and toes.,I couldn’t help but think that this catchy tune was a pretty good mantra in general. We began to sing it around the house regularly.,And yet, for all of my lectures to my children, I wasn’t sure how comfortable I was with it. At almost 40, I realized that I honestly couldn’t recall the last time that I’d seen another woman naked.,I don’t count Kim Kardashian pictures or breastfeeding friends. I mean fully naked, in person.,At home, when women need to get naked in a group setting, such as the gym locker room, they follow a specific, unspoken protocol.,We women make a silent pact to stare ahead into our lockers and frantically put on our clothes as if we are all competing in some odd, timed dressing contest.,Everyone collectively turns away in disgust as that one old lady goes rogue and sways naked to the shower.,But here in Iceland, as my older daughter notes, “All these women are just talking and laughing with each other. But they’re naked. It’s like it’s no big deal.”,“Of course it’s no big deal!” I say. “See, we are all women. Women have all different kinds of bodies, it’s all okay.” The girls dutifully nod and I wish I believed that as much as I profess.,As the week goes on, I find myself growing less and less self-conscious in front of other women. Rather, it becomes strangely comforting.,Surrounding me are bumpy tummies and C-section scars, pointy and saggy breasts, wrinkly bums and un-coiffed pubic hair. Clothes are artifice.,Bras prop less than perky chests, Spanx suck in the cellulite. Clothes make woman much more intimidating. Naked, we are all approachable members of the same tribe.,The American woman finally comes out of the bathroom. The Icelandic woman points emphatically to the sign above us on the wall outlining the parts of the body that must be washed before swimming (head, armpits, crotch and toes…) and barks, “You must shower naked!”,The tourist looks back at her, eyes wide, and nods embarrassed, clutching her clothes to her chest.,I can’t help but smile. Welcome to the club sister.,Blue Lagoon: https://www.bluelagoon.com,Seljavallalaug: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seljavallalaug,Secret Lagoon: https://secretlagoon.is,Showering in Iceland: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUXqmgTuNww,Author Bio: Dana Getz is a writer, yoga instructor, entrepreneur, mother and traveler. When not exploring the world, you can find her enjoying the simple life in Pittsburgh with her family and one-eyed cat.,A health-care worker living in Moldova is reminded of Eastern Europe of the past.,There is a saying in Moldova that goes something like this, “Eating makes me sleepy; when I wake up I am always hungry.” As a Peace Corps health volunteer in a small village in Moldova for two years, through late 2004, I think that sums up my experience: a mixture of cynicism and hope.,Moldova, a landlocked nation between Romania and Ukraine, is a country at the crossroads of history and culture. Heavily influenced by the Romans and the Ottomans, Moldova was a part of Romania until after World War II, when it was absorbed into Russia.,Upon declaring independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, the country fractured along cultural lines, with differing ethnicities and regions of the country claiming autonomy, promoting unification with Romania or refusing to recognize the new government. Russian forces have remained on the land east of the country’s Dneister River, claiming the area as its own republic, called Transnistria.,Culturally, ethnic Romanians are the majority population in Moldova, and Romanian is the national language. After decades of Soviet rule, however, many people still speak Russian. The country has gradually settled into economic depression — it’s the poorest nation in Europe — and corrupt politics.,Today, governed by a freely elected communist party, Moldova continues to try to find its way in a maze of cultural conflict and ineffective economic policies.,Moldova is a densely populated country, with large villages and towns surrounded by farmland. Despite its difficult past and continuing economic struggles, the country is blessed with a landscape of gently rolling hills, oak trees and numerous farms and vineyards.,The climate is temperate, with cold, snowy winters followed by warm springs and hot summers when fields of sunflowers bloom throughout the countryside.,Since the end of collectivization and the privatization of land, most families eke out an existence by laboring in the fields. Major crops include grapes, tomatoes, cucumbers, cabbage, corn, carrots, sunflowers, potatoes and beets. After the harvest, families preserve many of the fruits and vegetables for the winter, and the rest are sold for meager profits or kept to feed farm animals.,Moldova has been a center for grape growing and wineries since prehistoric times. The first institutions to become involved in winemaking were monasteries; today the country has scores of wineries producing high-quality wines. The climate is ideal for grape growing, and nearly every family has its own grape vines and produces homemade wine each fall.,Be sure to visit one of Moldova’s wineries, such as Cricova or Milestii Mici, for a tour and wine tasting. On a tour of Milestii Mici, you will be treated to a walk through an immense underground limestone labyrinth — with underground streets you can actually drive through, named after various grapes — housing an amazing quantity of wine.,You are then given time to sample wines. If you wish to purchase any of the wines, the price is quite unbelievable by western standards.,Moldova holds some interesting sites for the traveler, including many beautiful Orthodox monasteries. Orhei Vechi, an ancient monastery built in a cave overlooking a beautiful valley, is the most famous.,The country’s culture is based on hospitality. This can take some getting used to for non-locals. For instance, accepting food and drink upon entering a house is the guest’s obligation, not choice — unless you want to insult your host.,Once when coming home from work, I was invited into a villager’s house for a drink. Upon politely refusing, I was taken by the arm and steered into the house to drink vinegary homemade wine and discuss historical ironies. Talking about work always comes after polite discussion, and polite discussion often turns into a time-consuming meal.,Overall, life is slow and hard. Many people have to find work abroad to support their families, and the government is notoriously inept at fixing even the most basic problems.,As in much of Eastern Europe, Moldova’s population is still recovering from the collapse of communism, with people looking backward longingly for things like free education, free health care and universal job security.,This is what makes working in Eastern Europe difficult. How do you promote healthy habits and viewpoints to a person who has literally seen his or her world collapse? How do you talk to someone conditioned to the idea of group identity, traditional gender roles and rote memorization about the virtues of independence and critical thinking?,How do you convince a person who has been taken care of by the state for most of their life that they need to take care of themselves? Change comes slowly. Mostly the young are desperate to leave their communities and their country. An estimated quarter of the population works abroad.,As a middle school health teacher in a village on the eastern border, I learned that the most effective tool for combating despair and passivity is by setting a good example. During a classroom discussion on healthy lifestyles in class, a student argued that smoking and drinking was what every real man did.,By saying, “I don’t smoke, I don’t drink, I am a man,” I pointed out the flaw in his argument. My well-behaved classroom served as a model for other teachers to see that corporeal punishment wasn’t necessary.,In the fishbowl that is a Moldovan village, the only outside information comes from the television, which features American movies and Russian news and entertainment programs. By simply being myself and being open, my students and the people around me found that Americans weren’t all rich and petty, consumed with fast cars and fancy clothes.,Seeing my students and counterparts begin to think differently and initiate change in their lives was incredibly inspiring, but tempered by the acknowledgment of the overwhelming forces of tradition and history set against them.,In contrast, Chisinau, the capital city, situated on the banks of the Bac River and surrounded by parks and lakes, has a vibrancy about it largely due to the influx of foreign diplomats and businessmen who regularly stride down its lovely green avenues.,The stately old buildings look like something you would find in parts of Vienna or Paris, albeit they are dirty and rundown looking. Among the city’s attractions are the Museum of Nature and Ethnography; the  National History Museum, with its life-size diorama of the 1945 Soviet invasion of the city; and Exhibition Hall, which features contemporary art.,The real spirit comes from the richness and diversity of the city, where huge outdoor markets compete with modern department stores, and elegantly clad youth intermingle with poor commuting villagers.,Full of fancy boutiques and great restaurants (try Green Hill Nistru, New York or La Taifas), the city seems far from the daily life of most Moldovans. The grandmother selling wine and watermelons by the side of the street is the only reminder of the life of the majority of the population.,Tourism isn’t developed much outside of the capital and public transport can be confusing, but with a guide, you shouldn’t have a problem. My advice to those interested in visiting Moldova is to remember that as a country in transition, it is important to keep an open mind.,Though the capital city of Chisinau is convenient and enjoyable, with hotels, restaurants, bars and clubs, try to make it out to the countryside to see how the majority of the population lives.,If You Go,Department of Tourism Development: www.turism.md/eng, ,Explore Germany as you’ve never seen before while traveling the ‘romantic road’ by train and immersing yourself in the culture.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Germany’s so-called ‘Romantic Road’ is a popular tourist magnet in the southern provinces of Baden-Wurttemberg and Bavaria.,It’s loosely based on an old Roman route, and it includes visits to several enchanting walled towns, historic cities, and awesome castles.,The popular route begins in Wurzburg, located right in the centre of a major wine-growing area, and ends in Fussen with the majestic Alps rising behind the historic town.,The Romantic Road can be walked (yes, there are maps and tours available – either to do a section – or the entire 250 mile route), biked (using a number of connecting cycling paths), and traversed by bus or car.,A hop-on, hop-off bus service even allows you to do the route at your own pace, so you can decide to hop off and stay at a particular destination along the route – and then hop on another bus and continue the journey when you’re ready to do so, but I decided to do the route by train.,After all, I was in possession of a Eurail pass, so it seemed to be the best for me, and although the train does not go directly to every little town along the route, it certainly does give convenient access to the main destinations. ,I began my journey through Germany on train in Wurzburg, often said to be “the gateway to the Romantic Road”, and I checked out its Residenz Palace and Marienberg Fortess, formerly the two main homes of the town’s Prince Bishops.,The fortress sits high up on a hill, with vineyards in front of it, so it’s a great photo op. However, I was particularly ‘blown away’ by the Residenz (a castle built between 1720 and 1744), as it showcases beautiful court gardens on its grounds (that are very popular for wedding photos) and an awesome entrance staircase in its interior – along with the largest ceiling fresco in the world.,I also discovered a hospital in Wurzburg, founded by Prince Bishop Julius in 1576, that was a wine estate too – with a gigantic wine cellar underneath the health care facility containing about 4 million liters of wine. ,Next, I travelled by train to Rothenburg ob der Tauber (Red Fort on the River Tauber), and it’s one of Europe’s most beautiful walled medieval towns.,I was able to walk around much of the town on the massive stone walls, and I enjoyed the views of the town’s red-roofed buildings and towering church spires.,I also visited Rothenburg’s famous St. Jakob’s Church (Lutheran), with its beautiful Twelve Apostles Altar and its stained glass windows (from about 1400) – and I descended beneath the Town Hall, to view its old dungeons where even a town mayor once died!. ,While in Rothenburg, I also participated in a fascinating “Night Watchman’s Tour,” and the watchman explained much about the town’s history as we were led through the streets of the fortified city. ,This tour was both informative and entertaining, and as we neared the end of the walking tour, we passed a medieval tavern named Hoell (Hell). ,The Night Watchman jokingly confided that he “had once been told to ‘go to Hell,’ and it wasn’t so bad.”  In fact, he admitted, “I rather liked it.”,After exploring Rothenburg, it was back on the train – to Augsburg – which is an even older settlement founded more than 2,000 years ago.,Here I checked out its Town Hall (with its Golden Hall), the Maximilian Museum (where an enclosed courtyard protects its three renowned Renaissance fountains), St. Anna Church, which is a Protestant church with a Roman Catholic crypt, and the Fuggerei, which is said to be “the oldest social settlement in the world.”,There’s a lot of history to be studied here, and several of the museums are located in old churches, including the Roman Museum.,There’s also a small but informative historical overview on display right in the Town Hall – with ancient objects that can actually be touched.,I ended my train trip in Fussen, and it’s difficult to imagine a more spectacular setting than this for the finale of the Romantic Road.,This little village is home to the oldest fresco in all of Germany – in the crypt of St. Mang’s Basilica (dating back to 980) – and nearby are some of the country’s most popular and picturesque castles, including Ludwig II’s childhood home, Hohenschwangau and Ludwig II’s own renowned creation, Neuschwanstein, which became Walt Disney’s inspiration for Sleeping Beauty’s Castle.,I, of course, just had to see these magnificent castles for myself, and I was particularly impressed by the eye-popping beauty of Neuschwanstein. It did, indeed, seem like something out of a fairytale! It’s perched high atop a rugged cliff, against a backdrop of the snow-capped mountain scenery from the Alps.,As I was approaching this castle, I decided to take a shuttle bus to a spot high above Neuschwanstein itself – and then I walked on a relatively short hiking trail to Marien Bridge – which offered the very best view of the castle – and down into the gorge far below – with its spectacular waterfall.,The Romantic Road can, of course, be traversed in either direction, but I’d suggest beginning in Wurzburg and ending near Fussen. You’ll find the route historically intriguing- and the scenery unforgettable.,To explore the best of Germany by train, purchase your Eurail pass here before departing You’ll find significant savings – and several options. The best deal for you, if only travelling in Germany, will be a German Rail Pass.,For More Information:,While exploring Kyoto, you must see historic spots such as, Kiyomizu-dera temple, Kinkaku-ji temple (the Golden Pavilion), the World’s Widest Wooden Building and more. Here is a list of what not to miss.,Kyoto is one of Japan’s top destinations for international travelers. However, it has so many sights to see, it might be difficult to decide your top travel destinations. Some of the must-see places are Kiyomizu-dera temple, Kinkaku-ji temple (the Golden Pavilion), Fushimi Inari Taisha and Ryoanji temple, which is famous for its stone garden.,No matter what, it’s impossible to take a look around all of the venues within a few days, so you need to prepare an itinerary in advance before planning your trip.,The main hall is 120 meters (394 feet) wide, one of the world’s widest wooden buildings.,Put at the top of your list Sanjusangen-do temple, a historic national treasure because of the architecture of the main hall and 1,001 Buddhist statues inside.,Sanjusangen-do means 33 spaces between the columns. As the name implies, the main hall of this temple is very wide – 120 meters (394 feet) – and it’s one of the world’s widest wooden buildings.,Stories from olden times say that samurai warriors competed for shooting skills with bows and arrows under the eaves of this hall. The warriors set up a wall underneath one end of the eaves and put a target on the wall.,Then they shot arrows from the other end of the eave. You may be amazed at the skill and strong arms of samurai warriors when you stand in front of the hall.,Some 1,001 gold foil Buddha statues inside the main hall are also not to be missed. In the central part of the hall, the 3-meter (10 feet) high Kannon bodhisattva statue is among four life-sized statues as guardian deities. 500 statues stand in 10-row sloping platforms by each side of the symbol statue.,In sum, 1,001 (the exact number is 996 in the hall, while five are collections of the Tokyo National Museum, Nara National Museum and Kyoto National Museum) are national treasures as a whole.,Each of them has 11 faces and 40 arms. Some 124 statues were created in 1164 when the temple was founded. A fire claimed the others in 1249, but about 150 excellent sculptors restored them in 1266. It means the 1,000 life-size statues date back more than 700 years.,In addition, 24 guardian deities and the gods of wind and thunder are seated in front of the 1,000 statues. That means 1,001 Buddha statues, 24 guardian deities and two gods gather together under one roof. Travelers can enjoy the whole magnificent statues in one stop.,The Sanjusangen-do Temple website says it looks like a forest of Buddha statues. I can agree.,Sanjusangen-do Temple is open 365 days a year. Hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., except in winter (Nov. 16 to the end of March), when they are 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.,The best choice of transportation to Sanjusangen-do Temple during peak seasons is on foot from the train station. About 50 million travelers flock to Kyoto each year, and especially in spring and autumn, the world-known destination is incredibly jammed.,Public buses and taxis are stranded due to visitors admiring cherry blossoms and autumn leaves.,Severe traffic jams begin from the inside of the bus terminal of JR Kyoto Station. It may annoy you and derail your travel schedule. Besides, the area of Sanjusangen-do Temple is infamous for the traffic jam in peak seasons.,In moving to Sanjusangen-do Temple from JR Kyoto Station, you can take a train, but it’s inconvenient. Consequently, walking is better.,From JR Kyoto Station, a 2 km (1.2 miles) walk will bring you to the temple. First head east on Shioko-ji Street, which traverses just in front of the station. Cross a big bridge over the Kamogawa River and keep going straight.,After walking about 10 minutes from the bridge, you will find Sanjusangen-do Temple on the left side of Shioko-ji Street. Turn left at the corner, where the south gate of the temple stands, to the entrance gate. ,The admission fee is 600 yen (about $5). Taking pictures inside the main hall is prohibited. That is, you cannot bring the image of the Buddha statues back to your home. Just try to picture the view in your mind.,Author Bio: Masayoshi Sakamoto （坂本正敬） is a Japanese writer and translator based in Toyama, Japan. He writes news and columns for a number of publications and web magazines. He’s also preparing to become editor in chief for a new local magazine, Hokuroku.,Travel off-the-beaten-path to these beautiful small villages in France. From medieval towns to fairytale hamlets, here are our picks for the best small villages in France.,Editor’s Note: We share travel destinations, products and activities we recommend. If you make a purchase using a link on our site, we may earn a commission.,France is a wonderful country, full of life and unique places. But, the majority of tourists head to Paris to explore famous museums and climb to the top of the Eiffel Tower. Afterward, they head home, thinking they have seen everything there is to see in France. (Tip: Plan your next tour in France here.),However, that couldn’t be further from the truth. There are so many other incredible places you can visit in this country.,Instead of the Eiffel Tower and the Louvre, let your next visit to France be dedicated to the picturesque villages and prettiest medieval towns. You will be amazed by the medieval castles and the surrounding countryside featuring breathtaking natural scenery.,There are numerous enchanting villages, but only around 150 are considered the most beautiful ones. France has established an independent association, “Les Plus Beaux Villages de France,” that promotes the cultural heritage of French villages.,Strict conditions must be met for villages to be considered the most beautiful ones, including having less than 2,000 inhabitants, as well as national heritage sites.,We have picked 17 of the most beautiful fairy-tale villages of France that are worth visiting. Enjoy this beautiful journey.,Villefranche-sur-Mer is a true Mediterranean pearl, located in the extreme southeast of France. This village is situated on the French Riviera, between Nice and Monaco.,Villefranche-sur-Mer with many colorful houses along the coast is known for the deep sea where you can often see large ships. In addition, you can also find great places for diving and sailing. ,There are also two important cultural monuments in the village: St. Peter’s chapel from the 16th century and St. Michael’s church from the 18th century.,The village of Pigna is located in the region of Balagne, in the north of Corsica. It was named after the tower of the same name, built in that place in the 9th century. Today, only about 100 people live in the village, and it is best known in the world of music. ,The community of musicians that gathers in the village organizes a music festival, Estivoce, every July. In the village of Pigna, there is an open-air auditorium where concerts are held.,Eguisheim is a medieval village located in the Haut-Rhin department, in the northeast of France, near Germany. It has less than 2,000 inhabitants but is known for its vineyards and top-quality wines.,The village of Eguisheim is part of the Alsatian wine route, so it is one of the main reasons why tourists visit it. The village is dominated by St.-Leon castle, narrow streets, and charming houses with flower terraces.,Because of the numerous trails, cyclists and hikers also love visiting, and every August it hosts an interesting stork festival.,Locronan is located in the west of France, just a few kilometers from the sea. It has about 800 inhabitants, but also a long tradition and history. The center of the village is dominated by St. Ronan church from the 15th century and many stone houses.,You can leave your car in the parking lot at the entrance to the village. During the stroll, you can see many small shops, workshops, and antique shops.,That also means you can buy interesting souvenirs from local artisans. Due to its unique ambiance, the village of Locronan is a frequent scenography of films and series that are set in earlier epochs.,Veules-les-Roses has only 500-600 inhabitants. This charming village is located in the north of France, on the coast of Normandy. It is known for its lush greenery and houses with thatched roofs. The smallest French river, Veules, flows through the village.,The village of Veules-les-Roses is also known for its art galleries, the church of St. Martin from the 13th century and the monument to the famous French writer Victor Hugo.,Saint-Veran is one of the three highest villages in Europe.! It is located in the French Alps, over 2,000 meters (6,561 feet) above sea level. It has only 200 inhabitants. The incredible beauties of Queyras National Park are the main reason tourists adore visiting this small village.,In winter, you can ski in Saint-Veran, while popular hiking trails are available in the summer. The traditional old house and the Soum museum are the main attractions in the village.,Riquewihr is one of the most beautiful villages in Alsace. It is located in a valley, only 15 km (9.3 miles) from the town of Colmar, and has only 1,000 inhabitants.,The village of Riquewihr features mixed German-French history, language and culture. It is recognizable by the ramparts of the medieval fortress, colorful houses, and the Dolder Tower, which now houses the Museum of Art and Popular Tradition.,In the cobblestone street Charles de Gaulle, you will find numerous souvenir shops, stores, and restaurants. Also, if you want to take a break, you can try top local wines and excellent dishes.,Gordes is a village with 1,600 inhabitants, situated in the southeast of France in the department of Vaucluse. In the center of this hilltop village is a 16th-century castle. It was built in the Renaissance style and served to defend the village, while today it houses the town hall and a  museum.,All buildings in this village are required to be built of stone walls, and electrical cables must be hidden. Near the village of Gordes is Abbey Senanque, surrounded by beautiful lavender fields. From the slopes of this village, you will have a fantastic view of the Luberon countryside.,Bastide is a medieval fortress, whose function was to defend the area from possible invaders. That is how the village of Domme was created. It was founded in the 13th century on a hill with a panoramic view of the Dordogne River valley, in southwestern France.,Today this village has about 1,000 inhabitants. The main attraction is the view. And not just any kind, but a unique landscape that will leave you breathless. Stroll through the village to the lookout from which you can enjoy the panoramic view of the entire Dordogne Valley. ,Another interesting fact is that below Domme there is a cave 400 meters (1,312 feet) long that features beautiful cave decorations.,Gerberoy is a small village in the north of France, with less than 100 inhabitants. Houses and yards are decorated with dazzling flower arrangements.,The trend of growing roses was popularized by the painter Henry Le Sidaner, who bought a property in this village at the beginning of the 20th century and created a beautiful rose garden on the ramparts of the old fortress.,Every June the village of Gerberoy hosts the Rose Festival. During the festival, the village exudes a special, romantic atmosphere. Stroll through its cobbled streets and let the scent and the beauty of roses charm you.,Rochefort-en-Terre is located in the Brittany region in the west of France and has only 600 inhabitants. Impressive flower arrangements are the main reason people visit it. You can see flowers everywhere – on terraces, in gardens, in squares.,Aside from flowers, you can also see a castle from the 12th century, which was destroyed during the 18th century. However, the American-French painter Alfred Klots restored the castle at the beginning of the 20th century.,Today it houses a gallery with Klots works, as well as a collection of various objects found around the village. You can go on a day trip to a nearby lake that features a lovely beach and many sports facilities. READ MORE: Traveling Down the Backroads of Brittany,Collonges la Rouge is a village with 500 inhabitants, located in the central part of France, in the department of Correze. The entire village is built with red sandstone, so all buildings are in the same shade.,During the Middle Ages this village was a stronghold, so even today you can see fortified walls from the 14th century, several churches, towers and castles from that period.,Charming houses from the 15th and 16th centuries are very interesting and the house of Maison de la Sirene will delight you with its architectural beauty. Narrow cobbled streets are filled with restaurants, workshops and small shops where you can buy interesting souvenirs and local wines. ,The surroundings of the village of Roussillon, located in the southeast of France, are rich in ochre pigment. In the past, thousands of people worked on excavating this pigment, which is used in the textile industry. Today, that activity is prohibited, in order to preserve the landscape with recognizable red cliffs.,About 1,300 people live in the village today, and they are mainly engaged in fruit growing and wine production. During a walk through the streets of this village, you can see the facades painted with a characteristic reddish color.,It is interesting that during World War II the famous writer Samuel Beckett stayed in the village of Roussillon, hiding from the Nazis.,Moustiers Sainte-Marie is located in the southeast of France, at the entrance to Verdon Gorge. Impressive stone cliffs above the village will delight you. The village with only 700 inhabitants is known for pottery and a museum of ceramics.,The main attraction is a golden star, placed on a chain between two high rocks. It has been a trademark of this village for centuries. Notre-Dame-de-Beauvoir Church is located on the cliffs, which can be reached by stone steps. From there you can enjoy the view of the wonderful Maire Valley.,Najac is located in the south of France and has only 700 inhabitants. It was founded in the Middle Ages, when the Chateau de Najac fortress was built on the top of the hill, above the river Aveyron.,As you walk through the narrow streets, you can see medieval houses, a 14th-century fountain, and a medieval Gothic church. From the terraces of the local cafes, you will have an extraordinary view of the surroundings enclosed by the forest.,There is also the 13th-century Saint Blaise Bridge, which connects the two banks of the Aveyron River.,Vezelay is located in central France, halfway between Paris and Lyon. Today, only 400 inhabitants live in it, but it is a place of great importance for Christians. The relics of St. Mary Magdalene are kept in the village, so Vezelay has been a place of pilgrimage for centuries.,The 11th-century Romanesque Basilica of St. Magdalene and its surroundings have been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Every August, a festival of sacred music is held in the village.,In the local Zervos Museum, you can see works by Picasso and other artists, as well as various sculptures and archeological objects. Keep in mind that Burgundy is a famous wine region, so you can also get top-quality wines here.,Lautrec is located in the south of France and, with 1,800 inhabitants, it’s one of the larger villages. This area is known for the production of pink garlic.,In the village, you can see a windmill from the 17th century, which is still in use. From the hill on which it is located, you will have a great view of the magnificent surroundings.,The church of St.Remy, the ramparts of the Porte de la Caussade and the medieval market square testify to the medieval history of this village. Stop by one of the many small restaurants and try truffles, local cheese and wines.,Be sure to check out our France Travel Guide for more information on what to see and do in France.,Ready to explore the historical and stunning smaller villages of France? Start planning your adventure by checking out hotel and VRBO options, local restaurant reviews, top sights to see and more on TripAdvisor and Travelocity. Then when you’re ready to book your dates, you can compare prices and find the best ground transportation deals through Kiwi.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,What should you see and do on Maui? From Haleakala Crater at sunrise to the best snorkeling on Maui, here’s how to experience authentic Maui.,Gone are the days when visiting Maui solely entailed attending a luau and drinking a mai tai on the beach. ,While both activities are terrific fun, more and more people are far more inclined to seek out an authentic Valley Isle experience—one that involves deepening their knowledge of Hawaiian history, diving into its rich culture, and appreciating its local quirks and natural beauty.,The question is, how can you experience authentic Maui?,Part of Maui’s magic rests in the fact that its leeward coast faces four other islands: Kaho’olawe, Lanai, Molokai, and Molokini. ,Not only does this supply stunning views but the latter—the partially submerged volcanic crater, Molokini—boasts some of the best snorkeling in the state. ,Located roughly two and a half miles away from Maui’s South Side, the waters around the crescent-shaped islet house over 250 species of fish, many of which are endemic. ,Translation? You can jump in and witness a completely different—and completely dazzling—planet.,Redline Rafting Co. is your ticket to get there. Based in Kihei and manned by a super-friendly crew, their Molokini & South Maui Snorkel Tour takes guests to Molokini aboard their 35-foot rafts while providing information about Hawaii’s culture, history, and ocean life,What’s more, they’ll take you to Molokini’s Back Wall—where some of the larger creatures in the Pacific roam—before shuttling you to the magnificent coast of Maui’s most recent lava flow. Best part yet? You’ll have the chance to swim near turtles in Makena’s “Turtle Town.”,It’s one thing to hike or drive through Maui’s loveliest spots; it’s another thing entirely to peer at it all from up high. Skyline Hawaii offers just that on their Haleakala Classic Sunrise Tour, which pairs one of Maui’s most alluring activities—watching the sun ascend from its highest top—with a guided tour of Haleakala National Park. ,The “guided” here is key, as each of the leaders in Skyline’s troupe is specially trained to bestow their knowledge of Hawaii’s history and culture onto their guests. ,Following your Haleakala adventure, you’ll dine at Kula Lodge—a historic restaurant and inn that, situated 3,200 feet above sea level, offers sweeping views of flower farms and the Pacific.,Awesome photo ops abound around the island, from waterfalls spouting from rocks on the legendary Road to Hana to volcanic mountains rimmed in fog. And while you’ll surely fill your phone with one excellent capture after another, you can build a more lasting memory at Island Art Party. ,Based on Maui’s South Side, this part-cocktail party, part-painting class invites guests to unwind with a glass of wine while creating a vista reminiscent of Maui (think: palm trees, sunsets, canoes, and hula dancers). ,Not exactly a Picasso? An experienced art teacher will walk you through the process and help you gain a more textile understanding of the island.,Enjoying Maui’s exquisiteness from the air will grant you indelible memories. Fly Maui offers just that with their Vacation Flying Tour. ,A perfect option for aspiring pilots, this hands-on flight lesson will not only help you hone your crosswind landing skills, but you’ll also have the chance to delight in the diverse sights Maui has to offer, including hidden waterfalls and epic sunsets. ,If there’s one way to describe Andaz Maui at Wailea Resort’s “Feast at Mokapu,” it would be not your average luau. ,Nestled on the South Side of the island, the understated, elegant resort strikes a different luau chord with their authentic—and luxurious—pā´ina (or gathering). ,Blending culture with the culinary, the event includes a plated, 14-course family-style meal that highlights the flavors of the Pacific while interactive storytelling and gorgeous performances take you through the history of Polynesians arriving on Maui. ,Traditional lei making and washable tattoo inking enhances the feast’s authenticity, while you can’t beat the location’s up-close view of the ocean.,Get your feet wet on the beach, of course, during a session with Capture Aloha Photography. ,Helmed by the talented Jalena, this family-friendly photography business knows how to help you put your best foot forward in front of the camera so that you can take home a collection of photos that portray you amidst Maui’s landscapes. ,Have children? Jelena is known for her playfulness and creativity with keiki.,When Polynesians arrived in the Hawaiian Islands between 400-500 A.D., they brought more with them than just canoe crops: They also came equipped with consummate fishing skills. ,Indeed, ancient Hawaiians drew their sustenance from the sea that encircled them, while fishermen (as well as others) held deeply personal and spiritual relationships with the waters. ,You may find a similar feeling of both peace and accomplishment with Maui Fun Charters. Aboard one of their charters, you’ll have the chance to reel in a number of fish, possibly including Blueline Snapper, Ulua, Hawaiian Hogfish, and/or UKU—a prized Gray Snapper that typically sells for $40 a plate at Maui’s beloved restaurant, Mama’s Fish House. ,Throughout your adventure, the crew at Maui Fun Charters will present you with knowledge about Maui’s waters and the marine life that inhabits it. (Plus, hello views.),The West Maui Mountains—with their undulating, gem-green slopes and misty tops—are sights to behold, seizing your attention the moment you arrive on the island. ,Responsible for creating the western quarter of Maui, and the recipient of 400 inches of rainfall per year, they’re home to a number of historical and sacred sites in Hawaiian culture. ,While they can surely be appreciated everywhere from Iao Valley to Launiopoko, Hoaloha Jeep Adventures can give you a unique perspective. Their West Maui Mountain Private Tour will take you through some of the lushest and most scenic spots on the island, including Ololwalu and Ukumehame Valleys, the Nakahele Blowhole, and Honolua Bay. ,The best part of your trip may be Hoaloha’s tour of Honokolua Bay, a secret location that can only be accessed on a 4 x 4 on a rough dirt trail. What’s more, you’ll be given in-depth knowledge about Maui’s fragile eco-system and storied culture—all while out having rowdy (but safe) fun. In other words: Paradise found.,Hawaii has long been considered a hotbed for creatives and consistently lures painters, writers, ceramicists, jewelers, and the like to its shores. (One reason of many: There’s inspiration in every direction.) ,Makawao, an unassuming and charming town upcountry, is considered the center of it all, housing the Hui No’eau Visual Arts Center and galleries galore—including the distinctive Hot Island Glass. ,Inside this sweet spot, you can view striking glass creations and the artists at work, who heat, blow, shape, and decorate glass objects that honor the islands. Among the many pieces you’ll see—either made or in the making—are fish, turtles, jellyfish, waves, and seashells. ,Chances are you’ll find just the right thing for yourself while you’re at it.,One of the highlights of living on Maui is the annual opportunity to see North Pacific Humpback Whales migrating to its shores, where the 66,00o pound behemoths calve in the area’s warm, shallow waters. ,Seeing them breach—or slap the sea with their fins—is an immense pleasure to watch from the beach. But witnessing such a marvel from a closer perch? That’s another story entirely. ,Four Winds Maui offers just the opportunity to do so on their Maui Whale Watching Afternoon Tour. The marine naturalists they have on board will educate you on these enormous creatures, while their hydrophone will allow you to hear whales sing, live, as you’re on board. ,Trust us: It’s one of the most beautiful sounds in the world.,Historically, Hawaii has been one of the greatest coffee purveyors on the planet, supplying the globe with the bright, happy notes of their Kona blends. ,In recent years, however, coffee has exploded well beyond the Kona region, resulting in over 790 coffee farms across the major Hawaiian Islands and numerous coffee shops. Maui is home to both, with roughly 50 farms creating artisan tastes and hip cafés from Ka’anapali to Kihei. ,Experience the sumptuousness of coffee beans grown on the Valley Isle from Aloha Rise, where you’ll find 100% Maui coffee (which can be delivered straight to your door). One bean to try: Maui Mokka is becoming as popular, and harder to get, than Kona Coffee. ,Maui is synonymous with tranquility and bliss, to be sure, but it’s also a happening place, filled with breaking news, fascinating characters, and its own complicated political and cultural issues. ,To get the island’s full range of flavor, check out The Aloha 360 Podcast, both before your arrival on Maui and during your stay. Its lively episodes contain a wealth of information about all things Maui (and Hawaii), from which Hawaiian words and phrases you should familiarize yourself with to the island’s best camping sites, beaches, small businesses, and products. ,You’ll glean plenty by tuning in and will be able to dive that much deeper into what authentic Maui genuinely means. Now there’s an unforgettable vacation.,How do you visit Maui in the Covid world of 2021?,That’s a great question! Hawaii has a pre-travel testing program that allows visitors to Oahu, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, and Hawaii to present a negative COVID test to bypass Hawaii’s mandatory 10-day quarantine. Travelers must upload their negative test to the state’s travel portal before arrival, and will then be issued a QR code that allows travel. Kauai currently has a different protocol requiring quarantine upon arrival. More information can be found here: https://www.gohawaii.com/travel-requirements,Discover one of the oldest countries in Europe in less than a week. Here’s our road trip through Portugal.,After living in Lisbon for a year, I decided to take the leap and go on a trip through Portugal. From northern Porto to medieval Guimaraes, to southern Faro and the magical Benagil cave, Portugal is a diverse country, and its culture and cuisine are enriching experiences you won’t forget soon.,Besides that,  Portugal is a relatively small country and it will only take about a week to see the highlights.,Porto, known for its legendary Port wine, Douro river views and six stunning bridges, is nothing like you might imagine it to be. The well-known Portuguese city does not suffer from its popularity: the inhabitants are the friendliest people I have come across in Portugal and their hospitality is beyond words. The locals welcome you like you are a new member of their family or hotel, and they will do anything to help you.,A night I remember well was my first evening in Porto. I had noticed a riverside wine/jazz bar that supposedly had stunning views during sunset. When I went to the crowded bar there was not a single free table outside.,As I was traveling solo, the waitress noticed me and, without even asking what my preference was, told me she had a small spot outside on the terrace. It wasn’t much of a full table, but she asked if I wanted to take that spot so I could enjoy the sunset instead of staying inside. This only occurs to you in Porto.,As you wander through the city, be sure to stop at Mercado Ferreira Borges, an old market overlooking the garden Jardim do Infante, which overlooks the Douro River – that’s triple views you can enjoy in your comfy chair, drinking your café pingado (a small coffee with a drop of milk).,Another spot not to miss is Jardins do Cristal, an immense mosaic of gardens, each with its own unique view over Porto and the Douro River. Free entrance and an afternoon of nature, loose peacocks and chickens are guaranteed.,Guimaraes was the first capital of Portugal and supposedly where the Portuguese language and culture were born. This medieval village is a UNESCO World Heritage Site unknown by many tourists.,Built in the 12th century, its buildings are extremely well preserved. Romance is in the air in Guimaraes, and you will feel like you took a trip back to the Middle Ages when you stroll around the historical center.,Imagine a city of 12th century buildings covered with sparkling Christmas lights – all year round. When walking in the city center, you stumble upon one cozy square after another.,There’s an abundance of Portuguese regional restaurants that serve tasty dishes like francesinha or alheira com ovo. I definitely recommend the alheira: a crunchy sausage made of different kinds of meat.,When in Guimaraes, make sure to try out the cable car and catch sunset at the impressive viewpoint of Penha. Climb on board and take a ride through the forests of Guimaraes, winding up at the top of Penha mountain after an 8-minute ride. When you’re at the top, enjoy the wide views from the sanctuary of Penha while overlooking Braga, Guimaraes and Penha region.,Guimaraes is reached easily by train from Porto; the ride takes approximately one hour.,Lisbon, Portugal’s capital, is the hub when it comes to tourism, culture, food and shopping. The city of tiles has experienced a huge increase in popularity these last few years. I have been living as an expat for more than a year in Lisbon and have noticed more foreigners come to the city – to visit or to live in it. I can’t blame them: Lisbon has everything.,The steep, small streets throughout Lisbon are not only picturesque and surprisingly colorful; they also have one huge advantage: stunning views all over town. Rooftop bars represent 80 percent of my favorite locations in the Portuguese capital.,From a R & B rooftop club to a hidden local Portuguese cantina with delicious regional dishes, rooftops are found all over town. And, speaking of food, be sure to try out the iconic pastel de nata.,If you’re more the outdoor kind of person, then you will love miradouros, or viewpoints. These are found mainly in the oldest part of town, Alfama, but are also spread out over the whole city.,My favorites one is Miradouro de Santa Luzia: a lagoon blue small pool introduces you to a lovely terrace, surrounded by pillars wrapped in pink flowers, and the everlasting sound of local artists playing their music.,Sit on a balcony of the terrace, feel the sun burning on your skin and witness the sweeping view of Alfama and, occasionally, cruise ships anchoring in the port of Lisbon.,In Lisbon, be sure to ride tram 28, which passes through the whole city and lets you see the most beautiful viewpoints and neighborhoods. Overall, transportation in Lisbon is well organized: metro, bus, tram and train are cheap and timely means of transport.,Arrábida might be my favorite escape from Lisbon: it’s only an hour’s drive from the city center to the paradisiacal beaches surrounded by untouched nature. Arrábida is a national park in which you will find mountain roads, hidden beaches and local restaurants around every corner. I recommend renting a car when you’re visiting this region, as public transport is less developed in this area.,Sesimbra, the city you reach after driving out of Arrábida National Park, is more touristy and busier. This coastal city consists of a cozy, picturesque city center, ending with a long seaside boulevard and a beautiful beach, California beach.,As the name suggests, you can find expats living in Sesimbra or visiting the city, as it is more international and attracts more foreigners.,While making a pitstop at a local restaurant, try out the choco frito: deep-fried cuttlefish, a popular and tasty regional snack adored by locals.,The southern west coast of Portugal is a day trip, so keep that rental car for two extra days and drive past the Portuguese coast all day long. In the meanwhile, pass small, local restaurants that offer typical Portuguese snacks such as tostas mistas (toasts in many different forms), tasty hamburgers, or the francesinha or alheira.,You can start this trip from Sesimbra and drive southward, passing beautiful beaches, such as Praia do Carvalhal, Praia da Arrifana, Praia dos Pinheiros, and many more. During one of my pit stops on the way, I witnessed one of the most incredible cliff panoramas in a long time.,Because this part of Portugal mainly consists of calm, rustic beaches, cliffs and small villages, the nature is still untouched, so you experience a trip through real natural sights.,During your journey to the very south of Portugal, you will pass vineyards, wineries and even olive gardens. While I drove through these olive trees and vineyards, I smelled all kinds of flavors: rich olive oil, sweet wine grapes and occasionally a fruit tree.,It was difficult not to stop at one of the wineries and participate in a wine tasting. I ended up at a newly renovated winery that was making wines since 2016, and had one of its first wine bottles ready to present to us from 2017.,Needless to say both the white, rosé and red wines were delicious, and being surrounded by the vineyards made the experience that more authentic.,At the end of your day, overnight at the coastal side or drive straight to the last destination: Albufeira.,Last, but certainly not least, are Albufeira and the Benagil cave. Albufeira, the blossoming, touristy coastal city, is near the famous Benagil cave.,In the morning, get some coffee and have a good breakfast, because you’re going kayaking. Drive to the port of Albufeira, where your boat will pick you up and take you through the different caves. One of them is the iconic and idyllic Benagil cave, where the sparkling light and water shines through from the outside.,Even though you might have seen beaches at the west coast that didn’t have lagoon blue water, forget about those, because here, the water is crystal clear and has a comfortable temperature – so in case you fall out of your kayak (like I did) you’ll be surrounded by clear, warm water.,After paddling through caves for some time, get back to your boat which brings you back to the port of Albufeira. Afterward, grab some lunch in town, but be aware: there are a lot of touristic restaurants, so if you’re looking for an authentic, small, cute Portuguese restaurant with fresh, regional products, look farther than the main streets and try to enter small side streets. They often even have an amazing view over the beaches, while it’s less crowded and you get more value for less money.,Indulge yourself in the enriching culture of Portugal, and if you do it, treat yourself on a trip throughout the whole country –the different regions each have their specialties. It’s all just a matter of being open to surprises and enjoying the Portuguese hospitality, nature and cuisine.,Check out these websites:,Wineries and wine tasting events: winetourismportugal.com,Kayak tours and other activities: experitour.com,Lonely Planet’s Guide to Lisbon on its app or website: lonelyplanet.com (to me, this is the best city guide ever),Accommodation throughout Portugal: Airbnb.pt,Cheap and good quality car rental: centauro.net,Anaïs Skoutariotis is the founder of Ana Seas the Day, a travel blog for salty souls. Born and raised in Belgium and of Greek-Italian roots, she is passionate about writing, traveling and spirituality. As an ex-flight attendant, PR-graduate, globetrotter and current expat in Lisbon, she always strives to discover unique places and enjoy life to the fullest.,This elegantly restored manor home is more retreat than hotel. Lounge in the breeze and nosh on regional specialties.,Haciendas, manor homes for feudal landowners dating from as early as the late 1500s, dot the mountain highlands of Ecuador. Many of these elegant residences have been restored and converted into accommodations more aptly described as retreats than hotels.,Hosteria Hacienda Pinsaquí, located 90 minutes from the capital of Quito, in the Imbabura province — with its lakes and artisans — makes a handsome headquarters for exploring the region.,As you turn off of the Pan-American Highway between Otavalo and Ibarra, imposing gates open onto trim lawns and towering palm trees in this colonial hideaway. A door man with a brightly woven vest materializes at the steps leading from the gravel drive to the main building to greet you.,The whitewashed structure, built in 1790, is cheerily trimmed with blue, and a fountain sparkles at the entrance. Guests are guided through chandelier-adorned halls hung with photos of horses (the hacienda has been owned for generations by equestrians and has its own stables) and illustrious guests.,Each large, airy suite is outfitted with French and Spanish antiques, sheepskin rugs and fireplaces or wood stoves. Floral canopies arch between the four posters of many beds; claw-foot tubs in the bathrooms invite travelers to a respite.,During the day adventurers can hike, horseback ride and mountain bike. Those in quest of quieter pursuits can explore the grounds (which include a historic chapel), or sway in the breeze in a hammock while leafing through a book borrowed from the hacienda’s library.,In the evenings an Andean band entertains in the cellar bar, where cheese empanadas and canelazo, a drink brewed from cinnamon and naranjilla (a subtropical fruit) are passed around, courtesy of the house.,Pinsaquí’s restaurant offers first-rate renditions of regional specialties, such as fritada (fried pork) and carne Colorado (chopped beef with red chiles). Traditional dishes are accompanied by crispy llapingachos (potato-cheese patties), fried plantain, hominy and a slice of avocado.,If the empanadas haven’t left room for such a hearty meal, the hacienda has lighter offerings, such as pan-fried trout from local waters, locro — a traditional stew — or quintessential shrimp ceviche. Local women with ropes of golden necklaces, full black skirts, and white blouses embroidered with a rainbow of flowers bring warm bread and refill water.,The setting is luxurious without being ostentatious, the staff thoughtful without being obsequious.,The area’s crafts villages are all in easy reach of the hacienda: Cotacachi (known for its leather), Peguche and Agato (weaving), and San Antonio de Ibarra (wood-carving), are each no more than a 20-minute drive. The country’s most celebrated artisan market, in nearby Otavalo, offers a chance to compare goods and prices all in one place.,The market is open every day, with a mayhem of merchants on Saturdays. Several of the province’s lakes (Cuicocha, San Pablo and Mojanda Lakes) are also just a short drive away.,While haciendas are sprinkled throughout the Ecuadorian Andes, Pinsaquí is a good value as well as a great experience. With double rooms for US$ 108, including taxes and breakfast, the only question left is when to go.,If You Go,Hosteria Hacienda Pinsaquí,www.haciendapinsaqui.com, ,Take it slow in the soul of the American Southwest, where Native American spirituality and Spanish traditions run deep.,Santa Fe, New Mexico, is a city unlike any other. Nicknamed the ‘City Different,’ it was founded between 1607 and 1610 and is the country’s oldest capital city. Santa Fe embodies a rich blend of Hispanic, Anglo, and Native American cultures and is internationally renowned for its legendary history.,Everything from the architecture, cuisine, visual and performing art and more have been influenced by the fusion of these diverse cultures together, making Santa Fe a world-class destination, attracting more than 1 million visitors every year.,Santa Fe is the soul of the American Southwest; there are countless experiences to encounter. Its natural beauty is stunning and has inspired artists for generations. The city has carefully preserved its architectural heritage. Strict building codes mandate Territorial and Spanish Revival style.,There are no high rises obstructing the mountain views. It is a natural-grown town, full of nooks and crannies. Mark Twain reportedly said that Santa Fe was “laid out by a drunk riding backward on a horse.” Streets don’t follow an artificial grid pattern, but the lay of the land.,Explore more to see: Top Things to Do in Santa Fe,Wake up in the Eldorado Hotel (309 West San Francisco Street, 800-955-4455; https://www.eldoradohotel.com/). Pull back the colorful curtains and see the sunrise over beautiful Santa Fe. Adobe-style houses in warm earth tones with blue doors and window frames radiate the golden morning light.,The Eldorado is Santa Fe’s first four-diamond, four-star hotel. Built-in New Mexico’s celebrated pueblo revival style, it is centrally located just off the town’s historic plaza. All rooms have handcrafted furniture and are decorated with original works by local artists, reflecting Santa Fe’s vibrant southwestern spirit. There are even kiva-style fireplaces, fashioned after the round ceremonial chambers of Native Americans.,Start the day with a few laps in the turquoise waters of the hotel’s rooftop pool with a grand view of the surrounding Sangre de Cristo Mountains. Order room service for breakfast before you leave for your swim, and steaming hot coffee will be waiting for you when you return all refreshed, wrapped in a crisp terry-cloth bathrobe and ready to explore.,You are probably curious to get a first glimpse of the pulsating heart of Santa Fe: the plaza. It is a grassy square with shady trees, benches, and an obelisk in its center. Sit down and try to picture the turbulent history that happened at this very spot.,The plaza was built in 1610 by the first Spanish settlers and even had a bullring then. In 1680, a minority of Pueblo Indians revolted against the harsh rule and drove away from the Spanish colonists. They reclaimed their ancestral lands and camped out in the Plaza and nearby Palace of the Governors.,The Spanish abandoned the province for 12 years before they returned. The Indians surrendered without a fight, and the Spanish ruled Santa Fe until 1821 when Mexico broke free from Spain, and New Mexico fell under Mexican authority.,Since 1821, the plaza has marked the end of the 800-mile (1,290 km) long Santa Fe Trail. Until the railroad was constructed in 1880, it was the major trade route from Independence, Missouri, to the Southwest. Close your eyes for a moment and imagine wagon trains and stagecoaches rumbling through the square bringing the first gringos (white settlers). Adventurers, entrepreneurs, and fortune seekers poured in, and the town was quite a rowdy place with bars and brothels galore.,At the outbreak of the 1846 Mexican-American War, New Mexico was occupied by U.S. troops and became U.S. territory two years later. Walk up to the obelisk and read the plaque. It recalls the brief Confederate occupation in 1862.,Within only a month’s time, the town was retaken by the Union and became the capital of the 47th state in 1912. In the late 19th century, legendary outlaw Billy the Kid was supposedly kept in chains in the plaza before he was transferred to a secure jail.,Today, the plaza is still an exciting site, the place for fiestas and fairs, political debate, romantic rendezvous, and business affairs.,For almost 400 years, Native American artisans have spread their small blankets under the long portico, or porch, of the Palace of the Governors (105 West Palace Avenue on Santa Fe Plaza, 505-476-5100; https://www.palaceofthegovernors.org/) and sold their handcrafted goods. This is the best place to shop for Native American jewelry.,The adobe-style fortress was constructed by the Spanish in 1609-1610 and is the oldest public building in the United States. Today, it houses the state’s history museum and features a selection of outstanding pre-Columbian artifacts such as mysterious arm-length ceremonial gold tweezers (ca. BC 100-AD 700), for example, that makes a non-historian wonder if bushy eyebrows or nose hair must have been a really big problem in the old days?,It’s already lunchtime. Try Tia Sophia’s (210 West San Francisco Avenue, 505-983-9880), a local favorite for Northern New Mexican fare. But beware: “Not responsible for too hot Chile,” warns the menu.,Fueled up, take a City Tour with Fiesta Tours (505-983-1570). The open-air Santa Fe-style brown bus with blue window trim departs at the northwest corner of the plaza. The hour and 15 minutes narrated trip will give you a great overview.,There’s plenty to see in this town of about 63,000 people — museums, galleries, churches, and an abundance of hiking trails only minutes from downtown. Most likely, you won’t be able to fit it all into your weekend. After taking the tour, you know what sites you want to go back and explore.,The Loretto Chapel (207 Old Santa Fe Trail),  with its miraculous staircase, should definitely not be missed. Built in 1873, it is the first gothic structure west of the Mississippi.,Unfortunately, there were no steps to the choir loft, which was not unusual at the time. Most choirs consisted of male singers who would just climb up on ladders. This, of course, didn’t quite work for the Sisters of Loretto, an order of nuns originating in Kentucky, who wore long and cumbersome habits. But a regular staircase would take up too much seating space. What now?,The ladies of faith had placed the construction of their chapel under the patronage of Saint Joseph, the patron saint of carpenters. Logically, they decided to pray to St. Joseph for help.,It arrived in the person of an old gray-haired, gray-bearded carpenter who offered to build the much-needed staircase and disappeared without asking for pay, not even leaving lumber bills. So the legend quickly formed that Saint Joseph himself had come to construct the stairwell.,Then again, there are 32 other claims from those who assert their father or grandfather built the stairs, chuckles Reverend Bill Brokaw, who is the chapel’s curator today. “But I don’t care who built it. That the sisters got an answer to their prayers, that’s a miracle in itself.”,Resting solely on its base and against the choir loft, the stairway makes over two complete 360-degree turns, is 20 feet (6 m) tall, and has no center support. Supposedly it is made from an unknown wood species — perhaps extinct, perhaps a miraculous material to hold up the wondrous construction.,Sante Fe, which means the City of Holy Faith, has its name for good reason. People are attracted by the spirituality here and come for soul-searching of all kinds. Most religions of the world are represented here, and psychic consultants and spiritual healers abound. And there are plenty of churches here, the Cathedral Church of St. Francis of Assisi (231 Cathedral Place, 505-982-5619) being the largest one.,The present structure is the third one on the same spot. Father Jean Baptiste Lamy, a Frenchman who became Santa Fe’s first archbishop, allegedly never liked the earlier adobe building and began the construction of a new stone cathedral in 1869, choosing a curious mix of French Gothic and Romanesque styles to create a building quite alien to the Spanish Heritage of Santa Fe, yet it is one of its greatest landmarks.,Lamy ran out of money, and to this day, the cathedral is missing the intended two spires. Two chapels are connected to the main structure. La Conquistadora Chapel houses Nuestra Señora de la Paz (Our Lady of Peace), possibly the oldest Madonna statue in the United States, which was brought to Santa Fe in 1625.,San Miguel Mission Church (401 Old Santa Fe Trail, 505-983-3974) is the oldest church in Sante Fe. Its adobe walls were built by Tlaxcalan Indians from Mexico under the direction of Franciscan Padres circa 1610. The area around the mission church had been part of an abandoned pueblo dating back to about 1100, portions of which were included in the chapel. Nothing of the original building remains today. Legend has it that the Pueblo Revolt started with burning down San Miguel. The present structure was completely rebuilt in 1710.,As the sun sets on your first day in Santa Fe, head back to the hotel, change and make your way back downstairs to The Old House Restaurant (309 West San Francisco Avenue at Eldorado Hotel, 505-995-4530). Chef Martin Rios’ outstanding contemporary American menu has won numerous awards. The Japanese Chile and Acacia Honey-glazed Ahi Tuna are outstanding.,Plot your day over breakfast. Today you will explore the artsy side of Santa Fe. Take your pick from several museums.,The Museum of International Folk Art (706 Camino Lejo, Museum Hil) features two permanent exhibits: “Multiple Visions: A Common Bond” is a colorful display of toys, traditional arts, and textiles covering more than 100 countries. “Familia y Fe/Family and Faith” documents the two major sources of strength and continuity in Hispanic New Mexico by illuminating this theme through displays of religious imagery to household utensils, jewelry, and architectural elements.,The Museum of Indian Arts & Culture (710 Camino Lejo, Museum Hil) tells the stories of the people of the Southwest from pre-history through contemporary art. A visit to this museum is an excellent introduction to the diverse worlds, sacred spaces, and richly diverse communities of the Pueblo, Navajo (Diné), and Apache cultures of the Southwest. The exhibitions feature oral histories, Native scholarships, music, and displays of select objects from the most comprehensive archaeological collections in the country.,The Museum of Fine Arts (107 West Palace Avenue), founded in 1917, is housed in a beautiful Pueblo Revival adobe building with a lovely tranquil courtyard. The museum’s architecture, including façade elements of Spanish mission churches, sparked the construction of many more buildings in this mode that has come to be known as “Santa Fe Style.” On display are paintings, photographs, and sculptures by artists from New Mexico and elsewhere.,Georgia O’Keeffe (1887-1984) is probably the artist that first comes to mind. Like many of her colleagues forming the Santa Fe artist colony, O’Keeffe was drawn to high desert New Mexico by the magical light, the power of the land, and exotic motifs.,In 1929, she spent her first summer painting here. In 1940, she permanently moved to her Ghost Ranch house at Abiquiu, north of Santa Fe. And in 1997, the intimate Georgia O’Keeffe Museum (217 Johnson Street) was dedicated. Excellent exhibits not only show her trademark large-scale close-ups of flowers but also lesser-known paintings of animal bones and abstract charcoal drawings.,The Original Plaza Café (54 Lincoln Ave), located only a stone throw away from the Georgia O’Keeffe Museum, is your destination for lunch. It is a unique retro spot for classic diner fare along with Southwestern comfort food in a family-friendly setting.,This is where the locals eat; they serve authentic and have the regular New Mexican fare plus regular diner staples with a New Mexican twist. The portions are very good sized for the price with friendly staff, a lively atmosphere, and interesting interior decor. ,After lunch, take a stroll up Canyon Road (between Paseo del Peralta and East Alameda) dubbed the “Art and Soul of Santa Fe.” Native Americans have used this narrow thoroughfare for centuries, and it later became a trail for woodcutters en-route to the piñon-studded hills.,In the 1920s, a handful of writers, artists, and painters settled in this former low-cost area of secluded residential compounds and small studios and started selling art out of their homes.,Now, there are about 80 mostly professional galleries, perhaps the highest concentration of this kind anywhere. (Altogether, there are 245 galleries sprinkled around Santa Fe representing roughly 3,000 artists.),You will find anything from 12th-century Native American pottery, handmade turquoise jewelry, cowboy art, paintings in any style, and crazy sculptures like the life-size woman seemingly taking a bath in the sidewalk’s brick.,Retail space has become expensive, and many galleries have no choice but to sell works of already well-established artists. The Baca Street Area southwest of downtown has emerged as an alternative arts district.,Dinner tonight is at La Choza Restaurant (905 Alarid Street). Santa Fe has developed its own cuisine, not Tex-Mex, not Mex-Mex, but culturally unique and very different from traditional Hispanic cooking. Flat enchiladas served at La Choza about a mile (1.6 km) southeast of downtown will give you a good example of this New Mexican fare: two flat blue corn tortillas with cheese, onions, and the official state vegetable, red or green chilies.,Start your last day with a little bit of pampering before heading back to your busy life tomorrow. The Nidah Spa at Eldorado Hotel (309 West San Francisco Street, 505-995-4535) pays homage to the Native American Medicine Wheel and its Sacred Directions.,The fresh treatment ingredients are prepared daily and are inspired from the natural healing properties of plants, legumes, and herbs indigenous to New Mexico. The signature chocolate mud wrap features natural clays from the Southwest blended with cocoa powder and regional spices of cumin, nutmeg, and cinnamon to purify and nourish the skin. And the best part: This chocolate treat has zero calories!,This is something that, unfortunately, doesn’t apply to the famous Sunday brunch at the Eldorado hotel. There’s fresh fish, seafood, chicken and sliced roast beef, salad, a dessert, and fajita station, in addition to the “typical” breakfast stuff of eggs in all thinkable variations with sausage, bacon, or just plain toast.,Downtown Santa Fe,Already hooked on Santa Fe’s art of cooking? Why not try to bring the taste home and take lessons at the Santa Fe School of Cooking (116 West San Francisco Street, 505-983-4511) this afternoon?, The Santa Fe School of Cooking offers classes in southwestern cooking and gourmet food products from New Mexico for chefs and individuals. The owner of the school, Susan Curtis, is a member of the International Association of Culinary Professionals and of Les Dame d’Escoffier.,You will learn to master the unusual flavors and special ingredients that contribute to the incomparable experiences that is Southwestern food in hands-on and demonstration classes.,This weekend has passed so quickly. It’s already time for your grand finale dinner at the Fuego Restaurant (330 East Palace Avenue at La Posada de Santa Fe Resort & Spa, 505-954-9659 or 866-331-7625),Try his acorn squash gnocchi in rosemary caramel sauce. And don’t miss the amazing “cheese cart” before dessert, featuring the world’s finest artesian creations.,There is a long list of restaurants worldwide standing in line to receive a chunk. Taste this limited cheese edition at the Fuego. The restaurant alone is enough reason to plan for another visit to enchanted Santa Fe!,Explore more to see: Top Things to Do in Santa Fe,More information: Santa Fe Convention & Visitors Bureau, , ,Spring and Summer are the best months to take in the splendid Seattle sights and enjoy Northwest culinary fare dining outdoors. Use the Seattle CityPASS to see five popular attractions for one price.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,On a clear and sunny day, it’s easy to walk through the Emerald City to appreciate the outdoor venues, sidewalk cafes and enrichment activities. Spring and summer are the best seasons to visit Seattle, Washington.,The annual precipitation averages 39.25 inches a year. November is the wettest month, and July is the driest with less than one inch. The best months to visit are April through August.,Staying two nights at the Embassy Suites Seattle in the Pioneer Square district, the vibrant historic neighborhood is next to Lumen Stadium, home to the Seattle Seahawks and Seattle Sounders is the best bet for travelers.,It’s also near the Union Station for easy access around the city. After fortifying myself with the complimentary hot and cold breakfast the hotel offers to guests, I hit the streets to discover the Best of Seattle.,Since the early 1960s, Pioneer Square has been the center of Seattle’s art scene. The one square mile provides a haven for Seattle’s artistic community, housing esteemed galleries, innovative exhibition spaces, and working artist studios.,Outdoor art is everywhere you look. Be sure to visit the elaborate Iron Pergola that was erected in 1909, as a covered waiting stop for the Yesler and James Street Cable Car Company.,This elaborate Victorian-style pergola with ornamental iron columns was designed by Seattle architect Julian Everett.,Nearby the towering Tlingit Indian Totem Pole, made in Alaska, stands as a symbol of the complicated relationship between American Indians and European Americans.,One of the best ways to see many of Seattle’s popular attractions is by purchasing a Seattle CityPASS – https://www.citypass.com/seattle. It gives you access to five touristy venues in the city for a discounted price.,Once you obtain your City PASS, head over to Seattle Center where three destinations are located. Be sure to make a reservation to visit the iconic Space Needle.,Guests ride an elevator up to the top of the tower’s futuristic flying saucer design. Visitors can walk outside to take in the full 360 degrees of panoramic views of downtown Seattle, Mount Rainier in the distance, Puget Sound, and the snow-capped Cascades and Olympic mountain ranges.,Built for the 1962 World’s Fair, the Space Needle stands at 605’ tall and is one of the most photographed structures in the world.,Step onto the upgraded Skyrisers that are tilting out glass walls that provide visitors the illusion of floating in the open air. There are also open-air glass benches and a glass floor to take in all the scenery. ,Also at Seattle Center, use your Seattle CityPASS at the nearby Chihuly Glass and Gardens to learn about artist Dale Chihuly and his beautiful free-blown, fine art glass sculptures.,Visitors can take a self-guided tour through various galleries, and step outside to enjoy the natural and glass gardens.,A small theatre inside shows various films about Chihuly’s use of colors and inventiveness of grand scale pieces of glass art displayed in iconic cities around the world.,Be sure to see the visually stunning Float Boats for their stunning shapes and colors, and the sea life room to admire the most beautiful underwater glass garden. His striking Mille Fiori “a thousand flowers” glass piece was inspired by the variety of flowers in his mother’s garden.,One of the most engaging educational venues to visit at Seattle Center is the MoPOP museum. The unique and colorful exterior was designed by famous architect Frank Gehry and opened in 2000, thanks to founder and funder Paul Allen, co-founder of Microsoft.,It opened as EMP Museum featuring exhibits that celebrated music and cultural innovations. Now it has been renamed MoPOP (Museum of Pop Culture) and is dedicated to the ideas and risk-taking that fuel contemporary popular culture.,With its roots in rock ‘n’ roll, Jimi Hendrix and grunge was born in Seattle, MoPOP appeals to multigenerational audiences through its engaging collections, interactive exhibitions, and educational programs.,Inside the museum at Culture Kitchen visitors can choose from a variety of seasonal salads, grain bowls, hand-tossed pizzas and grilled items.,Down by the waterfront, use your Seattle City Pass to explore the Seattle Aquarium and take an Argosy Cruises Harbor tour.,The entertaining one-hour narrated tour offers a different perspective of Seattle’s waterfront, skyline, and historic landmarks than just walking along the streets. ,Nearby is the Seattle Great Wheel featuring 42 gondolas on the 175-foot tall Ferris wheel. When it was installed at Pier 57 years ago, it was touted as the tallest fully enclosed Ferris Wheel along the West Coast.,Each gondola spins for optimal views of Elliott Bay, Seattle city, islands and mountains in the distance. The ride is about 15 minutes and is not part of CityPASS. ,Watch fish mongers send freshly caught fish soaring in the air before they are wrapped and handed to a local shopper at the lively Pike Place Market.,Founded in 1907, the wide interior pathway is lined with vibrant colored produce stalls that arrange freshly picked apples, pears and cherries, next to creative craft stands and specialty food shops.,Be sure to visit the one-of-a-kind gum wall, where thousands of sticky marks decorate the brick wall in Post Alley. ,Seattle offers a variety of excellent dining opportunities. One of Seattle’s beloved chefs, Kaleena Bliss, recently won on the Food Network’s Chopped: Casino Royale.,Visit her kitchen at Conversation Kitchen & Bar inside the Thompson Hotel for a spectacular dinner focused on fresh local produce, farm-raised proteins, and the best ingredients from the Pacific Northwest.,One of the best Asian restaurants in the city is Wild Ginger above Pike Place. Inside the lively and spacious two-story restaurant offers an extensive Pacific Rim menu filled with Chinese and Southeast Asian fare.,Make a reservation at NEKO Cat Cafe to pet and play with adorable and adoptable cats and kittens while sipping tea, a glass of wine or sake.,Visitors enter an enclosed room to spend a 45-minute visit with the whimsical felines. There are two locations in Seattle. One is in the Capitol Hill area and the other in Bellingham.,Coffee cafes are on almost every block thanks to Starbucks opening its first coffee cafe in Pike Place in 1971. Other coffee cafes worthy of visiting include Zeitgeist Coffee in Pioneer Square.,It’s an airy cafe with an industrial-feel offering coffee and pastries, plus a nice display of local art on the walls. Another cafe to visit is Caffe Umbria for its European-style ambiance and cup of espresso or coffee to enjoy with pastries and paninis.,Those seeking tea will want to visit Rabbit Rabbit Tea for a choice of nine different teas from around the world. They make 50 different flavors of drinks including  Boba tea, Thai milk tea, Japanese buckwheat tea and tiramisu milk tea. Rabbit Rabbit Tea has more than 23 stores in Taiwan and now one cafe in Seattle.,Walk onto the University of Washington Seattle campus to see some of the most magnificent gothic architecture in the Emerald City.,One of the most photogenic spots on campus is The Quad, especially during springtime when the 30 Yoshino cherry trees are blooming in a variety of stunning pink colors, and petals float down like snowflakes, and Mount Rainier at a distance.,Visit the striking Denny Hall, built in 1895 to admire the oldest building at the university, and then on to the Harry Potter-style Suzzallo library with its 65-foot high vaulted ceiling, carved oak bookcases, exquisite stain glass windows and metal hanging light fixtures. ,Ready to plan your fun-filled excursion to Seattle, Washington? Get prepared with knowledge of the best small shops, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews, tips on how to get around and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan even more fun with unique Seattle activities, expert-led tours and skip-the-line tickets for major attractions through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,Find exclusive flight discounts, car rental options and vacation packages through CheapOair.,To learn more about Seattle, go to www.visitseattle.org,Author’s Bio: Jill is a food and travel writer based in Los Angeles. She visited Seattle with her teenage daughter on a college scouting trip and will hopefully be coming back to Seattle often.,For those seeking adventure, Greenland is well-worth the trip. Here are the five must-do experiences.,It may be far from the beaten track, but for those seeking a unique adventure, Greenland is well-worth the trip. This one-of-a-kind destination located in the far north between the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans is home to some 56,000 residents. ,These days, more and more travelers are seeking outdoor adventures and authentic experiences that can be found in a destination like Greenland. The country itself is open to welcoming more visitors and will open its new international airport in Nuuk sometime in 2024.,Icelandair has announced new flight patterns that will also provide easier access to the country. In the past, North Americans hoping to visit Greenland had to fly via Copenhagen or a cumbersome transfer in Reykjavik. This summer, Icelandair will route flights from the U.S. to Greenland’s Nuuk and Ilulissat airports directly through Keflavik International Airport. ,But no matter how you get there, Greenland is worth the effort. What draws travelers to Greenland? Some say that the safest way to make sure you experience the ultimate that Greenland has to offer is to go for the Big Arctic Five.,This term refers to the five absolute must-see attractions in Greenland: dog sledding, the northern lights, the ice, the people and the whales. These are all absolute musts in Greenland, and you haven’t experienced Greenland fully if you haven’t experienced at least two or three of these.,In Greenland, dog sledding isn’t just a fun activity for both natives and tourists, it is in fact a necessary form of transportation. Greenland doesn’t have a lot of roads, so most transportation is off-road across the ice, and here a dog sled or snowmobile becomes a necessity of life. But the dog sled’s necessity for the natives doesn’t make the dog sled rides any less enjoyable for the tourists!,On a dog sled, you can experience both the unique Greenlandic nature, the Inuit culture and the adventure of doing something physically challenging — especially if you try controlling the sled yourself. You’re completely surrounded by ice, snow and the sky, and will seldom see animals, houses or other people. It is a truly outstanding experience and you’ll feel like the only person in the great white world!,One of the most spectacular experiences in Greenland is viewing the northern lights, also known as Aurora Borealis. Even though the sight doesn’t require any physical performance from you, there are several things you should know. The most important thing is your attire. Not that you should be dressed nicely or formally, but because you have to wear warm clothes since the northern lights is an outdoor show.,Other than that, you really don’t have to strain yourself, since you won’t need to buy tickets nor make a reservation for the event. You just show up in the middle of the street and look upwards where long strings of bright colors light up the sky.,You’ll experience colors ranging from magenta to red to green to blue on top of a black or dark blue sky. If you visit Greenland between September and April, you’re almost sure to witness this famous wonder, so remember to dress warm and get outside at night.,It shouldn’t surprise anyone that ice and snow are very important when thinking of Greenland. You really can’t go for a walk or just look out a window without noticing all the white fluff covering most every flat surface, house and vegetation. But you shouldn’t let yourself settle for the snow just outside your door — you should try to experience the great white stuff for yourself.,You can easily combine this step with a dog sled ride or you can go visit the great Ice Sheet covering most of the island. You should also try visiting Ilulissat Icefjord where on a lucky day, you might see an iceberg being pushed off the sheet by a great glacier right into the fjord’s icy water.,It is easy for tourists to forget how big a part snow and ice are of the Inuit’s life. The snow, ice and cold are part of their culture, nature and environment, and are especially present in connection with transportation and traveling. Making an effort to see the ice and snow is a way to get to know the Inuits and their culture better.,Meeting the natives of Greenland is an important part of your visit. The Inuits are one of the few populations in the world that still live in close cohesion with nature. Many Inuits still hunt and fish for a living. They depend on many types of animals for their diet, including whale and seal.,The Inuits are exceptionally social, and really enjoy each other’s company. When an Inuit invites others to ‘Kaffemik’ they never know how many people are going to show up for coffee and cake during the day. Everyone is free to invite their own guests, and it’s not uncommon to see a completely crowded house with people coming and going constantly.,If you’d like to get a closer look into the Inuit culture, consider renting a room with a local family instead of staying at a hotel or motel. When staying with a family, you’ll live and eat with them, and if you want to, you might get the chance to go along with them on their hunting and fishing trips.,Whale watching is not a distinctive feature for Greenland, but it isn’t everywhere you can get as close a look at these magnificent creatures as in the waters near Greenland. Spoil yourself with a boat trip on the Arctic Ocean with your binoculars at hand.,You’ll experience a completely quiet boat and a still ocean, where everybody has an eye out for a spouting whale, a tail or maybe a peeping baby whale that breaks the water surface. More often than not will you get to say hello to a whale or two, and you’ll get to watch them swim alongside the coast, maybe even keeping your boat company.,While there is always more to see and do in Greenland (including hiking, heli-skiing, kayaking, skiing, snowmobiling or climbing), these five activities will give you a wonderful introduction to Greenland.,You can visit Greenland any time of year, but there are more flights available during the summer season. If you go in summer, you’ll get a perfect chance to experience the midnight sun, while in winter, you’ll have the chance to experience the northern lights and the way Inuits celebrate Christmas.,You don’t have to have a visa for visiting Greenland if you visit from the EU nations, the USA, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Japan or several other central-European and Latin American countries. However, if your stay exceeds 90 days, you have to apply for a work visa.,Make sure that your passport is valid for at least 90 days after your departure date from Greenland and most preferably six whole months. You should also make sure that your passport has blank pages for any necessary stamps upon arrival and departure.,More Information
Visit Greenland, ,This is extremely intriguing material! I greatly enjoyed reading your comments and have concluded that you are correct on many of them,If I have money one day, I would love to be there too.,Take an entertaining river cruise through this western Malaysian city, sharing the water with amphibians along the way.,“Coming up on your right, ladies and gentleman, you’ll see Sean Penn snuggled up to Jennifer Lopez, and basking to your left, is the well-known Madonna.”,Although it may sound like we’re guests to a Hollywood hoe-down or fortunate ticket takers to the prestigious Oscars, we’re halfway around the globe, cruising along a muddy tributary that bisects the town of Melaka, on the west coast of Malaysia. And leading our excursion is a very comical and imaginative tour guide.,For 36 years Bernd Goodtink has operated Paramiswara Tours and has integrated his sense of humor with some of Melaka’s historical venues. During this laid-back river cruise, we ogle over the six foot (1.82 m) long lung fish lizards that clamor over the waterway’s mucky shoreline. While flaunting scaly hides and 32 razor-sharp teeth, they share no resemblance whatsoever with the actors, but each one bares an adopted famous name and is part of Bernd’s first-class act.,We drift slowly in the Panama-style cruiser and pass by jerry-built shacks that swagger along the boggy banks like tired old tin men. Their tarnished crowns are topped by sheets of corrugated aluminum and ramshackle torsos are supported by toothpick-thin stilts. Mudskipper fish flip-flop at their grimy front door stoops and the 60-pound (27 kg) slimy lizards slither beneath.,Smiling women veer out over sun-splashed verandahs, appearing oblivious to the creatures that crawl below, and their curious wide-eyed children gaze inquisitively as we float by. Although the lines of airing laundry indicate occupancy in others, many of the humble hovels are vacated, waiting patiently for new face-lifts.,“Over the next few years, the government plans to invest mega ringgits [Malaysia’s national currency] to transform this muddy canal into a replicated scene out of the 1700s,” Goodtink shares over the loudspeaker. “It’ll be like a vision right out of Venice.” We are informed that authentic materials, such as 100-year-old bricks, will be imported for fabrication, primitive huts will be transformed into pastel abodes to imbibe a Mediterranean feel, and gallant gondoliers will paddle past the historical attractions that have already stood rooted for centuries.,Although checking out these heritage hot spots are also doable on foot, my travel-companion-daughter and I had literally wheeled by them earlier in the day, on a person-powered trishaw. With Aman at the helm, we had cuddled on the floral tricycle shrine without an inch to spare.,If the tight squeeze and flowery fan-fare didn’t catch the eye of every passerby, tunes from the top forty that blared out from our pedal-pushing machine certainly did. While jostling along sliver-thin roads that weave around the quaint township, we said a silent prayer for ongoing strength in Aman’s quads, and hummed along with the Back Street Boys.,We tooled through the town square where well-preserved remnants imbibe the glorious past and understood why this destination has been officially declared the historical city of Malaysia. In the early 17th century the Dutch had established trading bases in Southeast Asia including Malaysia. Period pieces like The Stadthuys, which was initially the residence of the Dutch and Deputy Governors, stands as proudly as it did when first erected in 1650.,Its adjacent neighbor, Christ Church that came along a century later, still boasts original handmade pews and a tiled tale of the Last Supper. And A’ Famosa, a fortress that was built by the Portuguese in the early 1500’s, (the Portuguese captured parts of modern day Malaysia in the 16th century), holds the record at being the granddaddy hallmark of them all. Although the structure sustained severe damage during the Dutch Invasion, in 1808 a gent by the name of Sir Stamford Raffles saved the heritage remains that are still being toured today.,From Moorish style mosques and stately mausoleums to ornately decked-out temples and tired looking tombstones, Aman pedaled and pumped merrily through Melaka while we reveled in the relics and relaxed.,A cobblestone bridge links the city’s main square to Chinatown and the world-class alley of antiques, known as Jonker Walk. It also spans the muddy Melaka River where Bernd Goodtink’s comical river tour ride is preparing to wind down.,“Melaka attracts visitors worldwide,” Goodtink shares, “and I want to send you off with a goodbye that you are all accustomed to.” Broad-leafed jet fruit and flourishing rubber trees provide a verdant canopy as we coast towards the home berth.,And before disembarking, the cruising comedian bids a farewell to just about every nationality, using his own rendition. “To the French au revoir. To the Spanish, adios. To the Britts, ya hoo. To the Texans, ya’ll come back now, ya hear. And to all of you friendly Canadians, hope to see you later, eh!,If You Go,Malaysia Tourism Promotion Board,https://tourism.gov.my,Malaysia Tourism Promotion Board, New York,www.visitmalaysia.com,From its imperial past to its coffeehouse culture and love of music, Vienna, Austria has its own unique take on life. Here are our top 10 favorite things to do in Vienna.,Some fall quickly for the charms of cities like Paris and Rome. Such destinations wear their hearts on their sleeves, with well-known attractions drawing in the crowds.,Other destinations don’t flaunt their wares with such bravado, yet they hold a quiet beauty that is discovered with time.,Such is my experience with Vienna.,I was a 20-year-old exchange student when I moved to the Austrian capital. A native of the American Midwest, I struggled to understand Vienna’s refined culture, her time-honored traditions and imperial past.,But as the days passed, that began to change. As I walked the winding cobblestone streets, hiked in the quiet Vienna Woods, and met in coffeehouses with new friends, I began to understand Vienna’s true beauty.,By the time I went home a year later, the Austrian capital had become part of me. She had introduced me to new ways of thinking and many treasured traditions.,Now, years later, I still have favorite places to see and things to do in Vienna, and I’ve shared many of them with friends and family I’ve taken along on my visits.,Here are 10 things that I’ve come to love about the Austrian capital. Maybe, once you’ve experienced them, you’ll fall in love with Vienna too.,Some have called coffeehouses the “living rooms” of Vienna, and it certainly seems true. As I learned quickly, coffeehouses are an institution in Austria. It’s common to meet friends at a coffeehouse for stimulating conversation and nice company.,Others prefer to enjoy their coffee alone, relaxing with a good book or local newspaper, which is often displayed on a reading stick for ease-of-use.,Coffee is often served with flair on a silver tray, along with a small glass of water and sometimes a tiny piece of chocolate.,One of my favorite coffeehouses is Café Central, the legendary coffeehouse known for its regal setting, cakes and tortes and piano music.,Café Sperl is much more Bohemian. Founded in 1880, its marble tables, parquet floors and Thonet chairs still retain their original charm. The café has been in several movies, including Before Sunrise and A Dangerous Method.,Some of my other favorites are Café Schwarzenberg and Café Landtmann, which was a favorite for Sigmund Freud.,This next reason to love Vienna goes hand-in-hand with coffee – pastries. If you have a sweet tooth, like me, you will love being in Vienna.,The Austrian capital is well-known for its scrumptious strudels, tortes and other sweets, and these are often served along with a good cup of coffee. In fact, taking a break for coffee or tea and a piece of cake is a daily Austrian ritual called “Jause”.,But you don’t have to go to a coffeehouse for pastries. They can also be purchased at confectionary shops. Just look for places called Konditorei, and you’ll find window cases full of sweet things to choose from.,The most famous confectionary in Vienna is Demel. Originally an Imperial and Royal confectionary, the pastry chefs at Demel created masterpieces for Empress Elizabeth herself, and still delight visitors to this day.,When I first came to Vienna, classical music was something I tolerated. But when you’re in Vienna, you’re surrounded by the best of the best, and you can’t help but learn to love it. After all, this is where many of history’s top composers lived and worked, from Mozart to Strauss to Beethoven.,Their legacy lives on in Vienna. Just walk the Kärntner Straße, and you’ll hear the strains of many classical masterpieces from the doors of concert venues and churches or even performed by street musicians, who are often accomplished musicians studying in Vienna.,From the Vienna Opera House to the Wiener Konzerthaus, the city has a busy concert schedule year-round.,Many churches hold regular concerts, and during the summer, don’t miss the Summer Night Concert by the Vienna Philharmonic held under an open sky in front of Schönbrunn Palace.,Speaking of palaces, Vienna has many to choose from. It was once home to the mighty Habsburg family, one of the most influential royal houses in Europe. Schönbrunn Palace was their summer residence.,Today you can visit the huge complex with its famous yellow palace, perfectly manicured gardens, and Gloriette overlooking the city. If you have kids, visit the Schönbrunn Zoo, which Empress Sisi created for her many children.,Ongoing exhibits at Schönbrunn Palace detail the family’s rich history, or you can simply enjoy the gardens, which are one of my favorite places to walk. Belvedere Palace also has beautiful gardens, and the famous Hofburg – the Imperial Palace – is one of the city’s top attractions.,It is still the official seat of the Austrian President. The Hofburg has a robust offering of top art and history exhibits of international standing.,The Viennese love their wine taverns and wine gardens, and they’re an integral part of life here. Vienna has vineyards within the city limits, and the wines served are often from the wine tavern’s own vineyard.,You’ll find most of the wine taverns – or Heurige as they’re called in German – tucked away in the wine-growing regions on the edge of the city. Locales like Heiligenstadt, Neustift or Grinzing have many.,Viennese wine gardens are family-friendly, low-key eateries. Select and pay for your food from the counter, and then your waitress will take your drink order at your table. The food available is often homemade local fare.,One of my favorite Vienna pastimes is gathering with friends at a wine garden, usually lingering for hours over good food, drink and conversation. Two of my favorite wine gardens are Mayer am Pfarrplatz and Heuriger Schübel-Auer.,True Viennese wine taverns only serve Viennese wines. These wine taverns are marked with a bunch of pine branches above their doorways, and the word “Ausg’steckt” written on a board.,The word refers to the period of time when the winemaker has local wine available.,Whenever I’ve been away from Vienna for a while, the first thing I want to see when I return is St. Stephens Cathedral. For me, the grand cathedral feels like the very beating heart of Vienna.,Constructed in the 12th century, its Gothic steeples seem to reach for the sky. You can visit the interior of the church or pay to tour the underground catacombs. Located in the heart of the First District, the cathedral has suffered through wars and empires, but still stands tall at the center of the city.,Christmas in Vienna is magical. Christmas markets spring up all over the city, their twinkling lights and cozy wooden stalls a comfort against the cold of winter. Visiting the Christkindlmarkt with friends or family are a highlight of the season.,My favorite Christmas memories there include huddling together with hands warmed by glasses of hot Weihnachts Punch or Gluhwein, eating gingerbread and shopping for those perfect hand-made treasures to adorn the tree.,Even now, whenever I smell cinnamon and cloves, I’m taken back to my enjoyable times at a Vienna Christmas market.,Some of my favorite markets include the Old Viennese Christmas Market on Freyung, which sells only traditional handicrafts, and the large Christkindlmarkt held on Rathausplatz, which has a very festive atmosphere.,Beautiful as Vienna is, sometimes you just want a quiet place to get away and reflect. The Vienna Woods, just at the edge of the city, were often that for me.,Hiking and mountain biking trails crisscross the protected woods, which have been designated a Biosphere Reserve by UNESCO – an honor given to areas with a special cultural and natural landscape.,You can reach the Vienna Woods easily by using the public transportation system.,This may seem a strange thing to love about Vienna, but the city’s excellent public transportation system makes visiting the Austrian capital convenient and easy.,The system includes an extensive network of clean and punctual subways, trams, trains and buses. Single tickets cost just €2.30, but I recommend buying the Vienna Card if you’re going to visit the city.,Purchase the card in 24, 48 or 72-hour periods from the Vienna Tourism Office. It includes unlimited travel on the subways, buses and trams, and also gives more than 200 discounts to local attractions.,This local market has served generations of Viennese. With more than 120 stands, it’s been a go-to for fresh produce and products year-round.,The Saturday flea markets are a cult event, where you can find everything from historic clocks to modern art. I still have a treasured tea pot that I bought there many years ago.,On a recent visit though, I realized how much the Naschmarkt has changed. Nowadays, it’s also home to an exciting assortment of restaurants, from Indian to Italian and Vietnamese. Most offer patio dining with modern flair. It’s a young, international crowd, and a great place for people-watching, not to mention good food.,Yes, it’s touristy. Yes, you’ll have to stand in line to get onboard. But the Riesenrad – the Giant Ferris Wheel at Prater Park — is still worth the visit. Instead of riding in chairs, guests step into large cable chairs that slowly move around the giant wheel.,The view of Vienna from the top is incredible, and it’s a good way to get your orientation of the city.,Information on Vienna
Vienna Tourism Office
https://www.wien.info/en,Information on Austria
Austrian Tourism Office
https://www.austria.info/uk,Author Bio: Janna Graber has covered travel in more than 40 countries. She is the editor of three travel anthologies, including A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel, and is the managing editor of Go World Travel Magazine.,Wondering where to find the best beaches in Northern Ireland? Our local expert reviews the top beaches and shares why you should visit them when travel reopens.,Being an island, Northern Ireland has a host of beautiful beaches. Most beaches in Northern Ireland are on the North Coast, along with a number of iconic landmarks like the Giants Causeway.,Several beaches in Northern Ireland were used as a filming location for Game of Thrones due to the dramatic landscapes.,While Northern Ireland doesn’t always have the weather to sunbathe, the beaches offer breathtaking beauty. Whether you want to relax with a picnic and enjoy listening to the waves, or you want to get your adrenalin pumping with water sports, there is something for you in Northern Ireland.,Check out these Northern Ireland beach activities and Game Of Thrones tours.,Downhill Strand is a Blue Flag Award Beach stretching 11-kilometers. The golden sands reach out to the Atlantic Ocean. Boulders are strewn throughout the beach, with little rock pools forming in their indents.,Alcoves have been carved out of the cliffs. A railway line runs behind the beach through a natural rock arch. The only sound disturbing the peace is the chugging of the train along its tracks.,It is unique in that cars are permitted all year on the beach but be careful as the tide can come in quick enough, and you could find yourself stuck in wet sand.,Downhill Beach and dunes merge with two other beaches, Benone and Magilligan. One runs into the other along the North Coast, and they are an Area of Special Scientific Interest (ASSI) and a Special Area of Conservation (SAC).,You can stroll across the vast expanse of sand, enjoying the view, or take part in some activities, including surfing, fishing or swimming. You need to be brave to dip a toe in these waters as they are icy cold even when the sun is shining.,Situated impressively at the cliff edge above the beach is Mussenden Temple. The National Trust now owns part of the Downhill Demesne. Mussenden Temple is an iconic structure and can be found on many postcards from Northern Ireland. It is perched on the edge of the cliff, 120 feet high.,Inspired by a temple in Rome, it was built in 1785 to be a summer library. The view is spectacular. The beach lies below, and the Atlantic Ocean stretches to the horizon.,The temple itself has a dome roof and through the doors is a single circular room with red brick walls and large windows that peer over the edge of the cliff. When darkness creeps in, in certain weather conditions, the greens and pinks of the Aurora borealis can be seen strewn across the sky.,Benone beach is joined with Downhill and is also a European Blue Flag Award beach. The beach is seven miles long with views of Benevenagh mountain.,Magilligan is also joined with Downhill and Benone and is a historic and conservational area.,The Martello Tower sits intimidatingly amongst the dunes. Built in 1812 during the Napoleonic wars. It is a Special Area of Conservation and an Area of Special Scientific Interest.,The beach stretches twenty miles with tall grass edging the sand dunes. From Magilligan Point, you can take a ferry to Donegal, in the Republic of Ireland.,Downhill Beach is right in the middle of all the iconic landmarks across the North Coast, including the Giants Causeway, Carrick-a-rede rope bridge, and Dunluce Castle, so there is plenty in the area to explore.,Another beach on the North Coast worth a visit is Ballycastle Beach. It is 1.2-kilometers of sand and shingle. Take the bridge over the river and walk along the beach, finding beautifully colored shells as you go.,Dogs are allowed off-leash and you can watch them splash around in the foamy waves after a game of ball. A gold sandy course stretches behind it with its luscious green lawns.,The town of Ballycastle sits behind the beach and is a popular seaside town with hotels that offer spa treatments like seaweed wraps. There are plenty of places to eat with chip shops, ice cream shops, or decadent pastries from the Ursa Minor bakery.,A marina sits at the other end of the town where you can hire a boat and stay the night. Have a go driving it around the scenic coast, with the captain keeping a watchful eye, towards Rathlin Island. To visit Rathlin Island, you can take the ferry from the marina. It is known for its bright beaked puffins clinging to the cliffs.,Bonamargy Friary isn’t far from the beach. It is a peaceful walk around the ruins of an altar, church and lopsided ancient headstones. A sealed burial fault is the resting place of an Irish Chieftain.,Waterfoot beach is situated in a bay at the bottom of Glenariff Forest. It is on the east coast on the Causeway Coastal Route. The soft sand stretches for one kilometer with the dunes alongside it. It doesn’t have many visitors.,It is a tranquil spot to listen to the waves glide across the sand and view the mountains rising behind you. You can find picnic benches amid the meadows of wildflowers surrounding the beach. Ducks and swans roam around the car park and grassy areas taking no notice of passers-by.,The beach is located in the quaint village of Waterfoot. A one-street village with a shop, chippy and bar. It doesn’t take long to reach Glenariff Forest Park, situated behind the beach. It is a National Nature Reserve of 1,000 hectares of woodland and waterfalls.,It is hilly in parts but has stunning views across the Antrim Glens. There are several cascading waterfalls, where little rainbows arch over the water as it crashes into the rocks below.,Be sure to visit all the best sights on the Causeway route, like the Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge and Dark Hedges.,Cushendun is a quaint village on the northeast coast. The landowner came from Penzance and the white-washed buildings are a reminiscence of Cornish villages.,The beach sits in a curving bay with views across to the Mull of Kintyre, just twenty miles away. It is such a peaceful place; it refreshing to just stroll along the beach and admire the buildings.,At the end of the beach, a stone bridge leads across a river to the local hotel and bar, with a goat tied up on the grass verge having a munch. The Cushendun caves are just around the corner with red walls.,If you fancy a more challenging walk, you can traverse the hill up to Castle Cara, just outside of the town. A 14th-century tower lies in ruins, overlooking Cushendun.,See more activities in Cushendun.,On the east coast in County Down, Crawfordsburn County Park includes two beaches. It lies between the towns of Bangor and Holywood (pronounced Hollywood, slightly less glitzy than the American one).,From the coastal path, there are views across Belfast Lough as ferries steam across the water. The beaches are perfectly situated for a panoramic view and yet it feels secluded with the woodland edging the beach.,It is a popular spot that can get crowded on nice days. Nearby are the geology garden, visitor center and café. Walk the undulating path through woodland with the sea on one side. Roaming through the forest will take you to the waterfall as it roars across the stones and into a river.,Situated on the North Coast, Whitepark Bay is another National Trust Beach.,Start above the beach and stroll along the path that winds down past a white-washed house sitting desolately in the dunes. The sweeping bay has little white cottages on one side and white cliffs.,In this beautiful, secluded area, you might spot a rare orchid or the most famous cows in Northern Ireland. The cows stroll along the beach and are the most photographed cows in Northern Ireland.,Make sure to pack some layers in case the coastal winds pick up! SCOTTeVEST has the best layers for traveling, from fleeces to windbreakers, all equipped with over 10 concealed pockets so you can keep all your travel essentials handy. Check out their selection here.,You might have to pay to get into Murlough National Nature Reserve in Ireland because of the conservation work the National Trust does here. It is worth every penny.,A wooden boardwalk winds through the high dunes and grasses leading to the beach. Once you get past the dunes, the beach opens up and the Mourne Mountains tower to the right.,Paths wind through the woodland and butterflies flutter past to land on branches. The trees are windswept to one side in this open and rugged terrain.,While Northern Ireland doesn’t strike you as being a place with golden sanded beaches because of its weather, it has some of the most picturesque beaches you will find. They’re so beautiful the weather won’t be able to spoil it.,Check out the Mourne Mountains, Titanic Quarter, Antrim Coast and more on the Discover Northern Ireland Tour. Book your dates in advance here.,Ready to plan a different kind of beach vacation to Northern Ireland? Find the important information for your trip, like hotel or VRBO options, restaurants along the coasts and must-see local attractions on TripAdvisor and Travelocity. When you’re ready to book, check out Kiwi for exclusive airline deals to Northern Ireland and nearby places in Europe.,Author Bio: Since she lives in Northern Ireland, Rebecca Boyle tries to go somewhere sunny as much as possible. She is a qualified Journalist and trained chef who writes on everything from travel to politics, all while holding down a 9-5 job.,Enjoy island life like a local on a trip to the Amami Islands of Japan. From kayaking to night safaris, here are seven ways to explore this unique part of Japan.,With a sub-tropical climate and a rich traditional culture fusing the cultures of Okinawa and mainland Kagoshima, the Amami Islands offer travelers a truly unique Japan experience. They are a paradise of turquoise seas, pristine beaches and untouched nature while also being home to a lively music scene, delicious local cuisine and a relaxed island vibe.,Visitors can expect to see globally significant flora and fauna, including rare and endangered endemic birds and mammals. Amami Oshima and Tokunoshima—along with Okinawa Honto and Iriomote in neighboring Okinawa prefecture—are currently under consideration as a UNESCO World Natural Heritage Site due to their subtropical forests that boast unique biodiversity. If the 43,000-hectare area is certified, Kagoshima will become the only prefecture in Japan to have two World Natural Heritage Sites. ,There are eight main isles that comprise the Amami Archipelago. Here are just some of the remarkable experiences possible on four of them: Amami Oshima, Tokunoshima, Okinoerabujima and Yoronjima.,Amami Oshima is home to the second-largest mangrove forest in Japan. Covering 71 hectares, the rare ecosystem is formed when freshwater and seawater mix, where the Yakugachi and Sumiyo rivers meet the sea. ,One of the best ways to see the mangroves is by kayak. Traverse the labyrinth of channels and get a close-up look at this special protection area located within Amami Gunto National Park. ,At high tide, you can paddle right into the heart of the forest. At low tide, a vast tidal flat is exposed, revealing numerous species of crab as well as the barred mudskipper and black heron. The waters are also home to the endangered Ryukyu ayu (sweetfish). ,Expert-led canoe tours typically last one hour and depart from Mangrove Park, just over one hour’s drive from Amami Airport. Visitors can choose from a one-seater or two-seater kayak and life jackets are provided. ,Although Amami Oshima is famous as a beachy paradise, about 95% of it is forested. Kinsakubaru Virgin Forest is the most renowned. A primeval forest with subtropical broad-leaved trees more than 100 years old, it is full of wildlife, including rare and endangered creatures indigenous to the island. ,Among the species you might see are the Ryukyu spiny rat, Amami jay, Ryukyu robin and Ishikawa’s frog, whose colorful pattern has earned it the title of the most beautiful frog in Japan. If you’re lucky, you might catch a glimpse of the incredibly shy Amami rabbit, a descendant of an ancient rabbit that once roamed the Asian mainland that Amami Oshima was connected to millions of years ago. Today, the Amami rabbit is found only on Amami Oshima and neighboring Tokunoshima.,As the forest comes alive at night, a great way to experience it is a night safari organized by a local certified eco-guide. Tours last two hours and are available from March to October. ,Kinsakubaru is also popular during the day as a spot for shinrin-ryoku, the Japanese art of forest bathing proven to boost physical and mental health. Being under the forest canopy, watching the sunlight glint off the greenery, feeling the breeze and listening to birdsong is sure to promote serenity.  ,Measuring only 23 kilometres around yet boasting more than 60 stunning beaches, Yoronjima is truly a sandy jewel in a vast turquoise sea. This small isle is the most southerly part of Kagoshima prefecture and is accessible by air and sea. ,Yoronjima’s white sand, clear waters and average annual temperature of 23˚C attract swimmers and snorkelers year round, but the island retains a quiet and laid back atmosphere. Visit the ultimate Instagram-able beach, Yurigahama, which appears only during low tide, for shallow waters and star-shaped grains of white sand. ,Further north, Amami Oshima is surrounded by a coral reef, making it popular for snorkeling and diving, too. Tomori Beach, about a 10-minute drive from the airport, has clear waters teeming with aquatic life. Also pristine and easily accessible, at 20 minutes by local bus from Amami city followed by a 20-minute walk, is Ohama Beach. ,And, as if beautiful sand wasn’t enough, Amami Oshima is also home to a pebble beach said to be a mood-boosting “power spot.” When the tide runs over the giant smooth pebbles on Honohoshi beach, local people say the sound created is like a relaxing drumbeat. ,There is no shortage of outdoor activities on the Amami Archipelago and, with mild winters and hot summers, many can be enjoyed all year. ,Okinoerabujima has one of Asia’s largest cave networks. Join an English-speaking professional guide to explore its 1.2 kilometre illuminated section, where milky white stalactites and sky-blue pools are a feast for the eyes. ,Although there are many spots suitable for snorkeling and diving throughout Amami Oshima, Tokunoshima, Okinoerabujima and Yoronjima, the calm Oshima Strait between Amami Oshima and Kakeroma has exceptional clarity. It’s a great choice for spotting tropical fish, coral and sea turtles.   ,Numerous local businesses also offer kayak and SUP rental and experience tours such as a ride over the shallows in a glass-bottom boat, scenic outdoor yoga, and a picnic-BBQ on a deserted beach. Even the adventurous traveler is certain to find something new to try. ,Brown sugar has long been important to the Amami Islands. It’s believed that the “brown gold” was brought to Amami Oshima about 500 years ago. A local man had set sail for Okinawa but was hit by a typhoon and drifted to China, where he stayed for 18 months and learned how to cultivate sugarcane. On returning home, he brought three sugarcane seedlings, which kickstarted the local brown sugar industry.,Today, hectares of verdant sugar cane wave in the ocean breeze. Every year these fields produce hundreds of tonnes of brown sugar, which despite the name, ranges from soft white to brick-red to hard black varieties. With a high nutritional value and a sweet, slightly nutty flavor, brown sugar is hugely popular and features in many local snacks and treats.,One of the places to try making brown sugar from sugarcane is Minpaku Mura, a café, accommodation and glamping site in a sleepy coastal hamlet near Naze. Run by Rika and Teri Hisai in Teri’s ancestral home, the facility hosts small groups to try the entire process, which takes about one hour. Teri’s secret to success is adding some peanuts in the final step, which results in crunchy brown sugar snacks.,With such love for brown sugar, it was perhaps only natural for local people to leverage it to make alcohol. In a production process found only on the Amami Islands, raw brown sugar is extracted from sugarcane and added to rice malt and water to create kokuto shochu.,Across the Amami Archipelago, there are about 25 distillers making 170 varieties of the local tipple, which is typically enjoyed on the rocks or mixed with water: in either cold, hot or carbonated form. ,Amami Oshima Kaiun Shuzo produces three main kokuto shochu varieties, including Lento, which is matured by playing Mozart, Beethoven and Vivaldi in the tank in a process called acoustic aging, and Beni Sango, which has notes of chocolate and coconut. ,Also on Amami Oshima is Yayoi Shochu Jozosho. Founded in 1918 by the first honorary citizen of Naze, this distillery produces its namesake Yayoi, which can be split with water, carbonated water or tea. ,Kokuto shochu is known locally as the treasure of Amami Oshima and you will find no shortage of helpful people in restaurants and bars who can advise you how best to enjoy it. Meanwhile, for a behind-the-scenes look at production, both distilleries offer tours. ,What better way to learn about the process of making a local Oshima tsumugi kimono than watching its creators at work? The kimono’s sightseeing village, which is about 20 minutes drive from Amami Airport, is housed in a tropical botanical garden where visitors can see the production process that remains unaltered from 1,300 years ago.  ,First, craftspeople make intricate patterns on silk which is then dyed using extracts from the local Japanese hawthorn tree. Next, the material is dyed in iron-rich local mud before being hand-weaved at a rate of about 30 cm a day. The result is a unique grey-black kimono that is much prized in Japan for the care taken to create it. ,Try the dyeing experience at the village to bring home your own souvenir or marvel at the artisans in their painstaking work. ,The Amami Archipelago stretches over a vast swath of sea some 380–560 kilometres from Kyushu, making it well off the beaten track. Yet, you can get to many of its main islands in about two hours by plane from Tokyo or an overnight ferry from Kagoshima city, making them still highly accessible and well worth the trip.

To plan your visit, read more information on travel in Kagoshima. , ,Lead photo by KPVB,Very nice article and help full , thank you for sharing,very perfect blog thanks a lot,Very nice blog,Nice blog with great post, Thanks for sharing!,For me, life in Japan has been a puzzle to be solved. When I work out which piece goes where, life becomes easier.,As I wake each morning, I know for certain that before the day is out I will be asked the following two questions: “Do I like living in Japan?” and “How am I coping with life in Japan?”,My friends and family back in Australia obviously ask this as a precursor to queries about my new home, job and lifestyle in Japan. But my Japanese friends and colleagues also quiz me regularly. Not out of curiosity, but out of a deep and earnest concern for my well being. They are convinced that my new life must be both stressful and difficult as a result of the radically different culture and customs I must become familiar while living in Japan.,My home in Japan is in the city of Chiba, a port city about 50 minutes by train from Tokyo, situated on Tokyo Bay. The city is compact, friendly and very modern, with a slick monorail crisscrossing the city streets.,What I would take for patronizing anywhere else, is graciously accepted when my Japanese friends insist on “teaching me Japanese life.” The sheer volume and strictness of daily customs in Japan make this education process not just an interesting pastime, but a vital necessity in order to function in this country.,In my corporate working life in Australia, as a business liaison manager for a large bank, morning greetings are casual and personal, with meetings usually started with a few pleasantries before getting down to business. Now, as a member of staff at a Japanese Junior High School, I participate in a group bow and greeting to my principal at the start of each meeting. My initial introduction to new colleagues created amusement and awkwardness when I offered a handshake and an enthusiastic “good morning” rather than a bow and a demure greeting.,As a self-confessed coffee addict, I have had to learn the fine art of balancing my cappuccino, satchel and newspaper while changing my outdoor shoes to indoor shoes in the immediate entrance to the school. As this space is rather limited, I would hate to see the jostling and positioning of this act when three or more of my colleagues arrive together!,Behaviors or actions that would be taken in a positive light in my own country can sometimes backfire in Japan. While I am used to a work environment that welcomes questions and debate, I now find myself in one that values quiet acceptance of rules and directions. My supervisor takes queries to his instructions as an insult that he has not explained himself clearly enough. So, I have learned that I must state what I intend to do rather than ask, as would normally be a common courtesy at home. If I don’t, it often results in my boss making a decision on my behalf.,I enjoy most of the Japanese customs I have experienced, as they are genuine attempts to make life civilized. A meal is not started until all are served and a greeting is made to acknowledge the good food we are about to enjoy. In Japan, we stand in line patiently waiting to board the train, bus or monorail, even to cross the street; and not one but all staff in a store, bank or business greets and farewells customers as they arrive and depart.,But these polite courtesies sometimes hamper rather than enhance daily life. Lunch is often shared with 30 teenagers in a classroom at the junior high school where I work. Serving and sitting down to eat is a long drawn-out process as everyone must be served before the signal is given for all to commence eating. With a typical wait of often 20 minutes rice and noodles go slowly cold and unappetizing.,I appreciate that lining up is an orderly and civilized thing to do. But rather than form a line as the train or bus approaches we must stand at the ready or risk missing a sit.,On my third day in Japan, I entered a bank and was inundated with greetings from each and every staff member as I walked across the foyer. Thinking I was being trailed by a V.I.P, I turned to discover that little old me was the subject of all this attention. While flattering and enjoyable the first dozen times, it becomes grating and annoying every time I enter the local bank, post office or convenience store and am welcomed with this patterned greeting. This practice must also be frustrating to the staff and I feel a wave of sympathy for my travel agent and banker as they keep one eye on their work and one on the door to ensure they acknowledge every single customer who enters and leaves the office.,It is often perceived that Westerners are impolite because of our lack of knowledge of these countless behavioral requirements, and that our own culture is devoid of good manners. I have had to explain to my Japanese colleagues and friends that our manners are just subtler and can vary greatly given the circumstances and situation. It is difficult to convey to them that there are only a few “must do’s” in Western society, and more “highly recommended” codes of behavior.,Socializing is another new and challenging mine field. As a Westerner, I enjoy friendly chats and introductions from strangers who are anxious to practice their English. However, it is hard to know whether I am popular for who I am, or more for what I am, a native “English speaker.” However, this level of curiosity makes meeting and making new friends in Japan pretty easy.,Invitations to dinners, events and outings are sincerely followed up by my new Japanese acquaintances. Vague, “let’s get together some time” just doesn’t appear to be in their vocabulary. But the sheer interest is sometimes overwhelming, with my laps at the swimming pool at my local sports center interrupted by inquiring “Do you speak English?” or an invitation from a colleague’s adult daughter to meet as she is interested in having “foreign friends.” My corporate brain is starting to kick in and I am wondering if I can’t “outsource” some of these invites to some of my newer western colleagues!,Even time spent with existing Japanese friends can be stressful. After spending a day at my friend Tomomi’s house, I came home feeling tired and worn out. I could not work out why a casual Sunday afternoon catching up with an old friend caused such a strain. But even here I had to be mindful of Japanese customs. From how I left my shoes at the doorway, (facing outwards), the way I poured a drink for my host (with two hands and not holding the glass), to how I accepted a copy of Sinji’s, Tomomi’s husband, business card (again, with two hands, admiringly and then carefully placed in my wallet).,But these friendly visits have not been without humor. On leaving a restaurant recently with this couple, mindful of Sinji’s overburden arms with baby Akari, I retrieved both mine and his shoes from the restaurant’s shoe lockers and correctly placed them facing outwards. This produced a roar of laughter from Tomomi as I was undertaking a task, by custom, reserved for a wife.,But going beyond friendship is way more difficult to navigate. A young American colleague of mine had formed a lovely friendship with one of her Japanese male colleagues. He invited her to meet his friends. However when the public venue he picked was closed and she casually suggested dinner as a suitable substitute, things got sticky.,This formerly polite and friendly young man proceeded to unceremoniously “dump” my colleague at a “100 Yen Store” with a hurried comment of “Oh, I have to go shopping.” Through a number of discreet inquiries as to the motivation behind this uncharacteristic behavior, we discovered his rationale.,It was all about “face,” and his appearance in public alone with a Western female colleague. His concern of being spotted by another colleague, supervisor or a student’s parent would see his new friendship labeled a romance and an unusual one.,Inter-racial relationships are not common in Japan.,My own personal slip in this area has been an overenthusiastic greeting of a young male Japanese friend who I had not seen for three years. My reunion hug and kiss in public, which would normally not raise a glance back home, produced a number of unabashed stares and for my poor friend Hayata, a bright red blush!,Hayata is a fashionable young Japanese man, who laments his employer’s rule that he must not add highlights to his jet black hair, as it is the rage amongst the 20-something age group in Japan at present. He is an employee of Tokyo Disneyland, where he must ensure all is picture perfect “on stage” for the enthusiastic Japanese tourists who visit. I have also played tourist at this Japanese version of the Magic Kingdom.,As a previous visitor to the California original, I was able to revisit some of my favorite attractions, but with a Japanese twist. To hear the “Pirates of the Caribbean” speak in their same gruff pirate accent as in the American version, but in Japanese was both bizarre and humorous. However, the main attraction for me was the Japanese tourists themselves. Their fascination with all things Disney saw adults gleefully line up to be photographed with their favorite character and stake out prime stops on the parade route hours before the event.,Signs of a failing Japanese economy are invisible in the countless souvenir stores at Tokyo Disneyland, where visitors crowd in to load their shopping baskets full of official Disney products. My new buddy Sinji is an example of a Japanese Disney devotee. When I admired his Mickey Mouse motif curtains in his living room, I was told that one was missing, a result of an untimely gust of wind when it was being aired on the apartment balcony. The loss of this favored furnishing was considered significant enough for Sinji to report it to the local police, in the hope that it may be spotted on their rounds!,But it is not just Japanese/American amusement parks that have grabbed my attention as a tourist. On weekends and public holidays, I have joined the human sea on the trains and buses to pay visits to various temples, shrines, parks and gardens of this country. While these places can also be bustling and crowded, they do evoke a peace and tranquility over visitors that make the crowds less apparent.,For the ultimate in tranquility, a visit to a Japanese Onsen is a must. My Japanese colleagues are surprised by my willingness to visit these spas, as the “naked” requirement is a classic Japanese custom. It is an absolute rule and applies to everyone ― even to a shy Australian like myself who prefers the modesty of a swimsuit. The “no exceptions” component of this rule was relayed to me by a smiling but insistent attendant who politely requested I remove my Speedo, much to the amusement of my fellow spa companions.,One of my few refuges from Japanese rules and customs is the simple act of running. This is a pastime that I have always enjoyed as an escape from pressures and a chance to clear my head. However the nature of my running in Japan pretty much represents what my life here resembles. My course is tightly compacted, a repetitive loop course in a small park area that requires me to dodge and maneuver around countless obstacles and individuals.,As a new resident, I have found my life so far in Japan to be similar to a puzzle needing to be solved. When I work out which piece goes where, life becomes easier, however it is the process of working out the solution that sometimes drives me to escape to the nearest Starbucks or Mac Donald’s for some relief!,Oh, before I forget. My answer to the initial two questions: Do I like living in Japan?” and “How am I coping with life in Japan?” is of course a resounding: “I love it!” and “Better, every day!, ,Philly dons its finest as one of its favorite sons celebrates his 300th birthday.,There is no better way to understand a nation than to walk in the footsteps of those who helped to create her. And for those who want to know America — with all her faults, passions, quirks and customs — it helps to go back to the places where the very idea of this ever-changing nation was born. One of those locations is Philadelphia, located on the banks of the Delaware River in southeastern Pennsylvania.,Now home to some 1.5 million residents — with another 4 million in the surrounds — Philadelphia reflects the ideals that can be found in most American cities: a love of sports (the town has eight professional sports teams), good food, a strong arts culture and thriving businesses. The locals have their own distinct, street-wise accent (remember “Rocky” in the classic movie about the Philadelphia boxer?) and they’re known for their frank, straight-forward manner.,The fifth-largest city in the United States, Philadelphia is a town for every person, no matter their race, status or religion — and it’s been this way since the city’s founding in 1682 by Quaker Englishman William Penn. In fact, Penn named his new town “Philadelphia,” which was derived from the Greek words meaning “city of brotherly love,” in honor of his goals for the new city.,And if ever a community has put its stamp on the face of American history, Philadelphia is it. The East Coast town was a hotbed of activity during America’s struggle for independence from Britain, with the likes of Thomas Jefferson, George Washington and John Adams walking her streets.,On July 4, 1776, those same rebels signed the Declaration of Independence in Philadelphia’s Independence Hall, which is now a museum. The famous Liberty Bell, which was rung to announce the declaration’s adoption, now resides in its own pavilion at Independence National Historical Park, a site visited by thousands of tourists each year.,Yet there was one man who stood at the center of all these nation-changing activities: Ben Franklin. An inventor, publisher, statesman and signer of the Declaration of Independence, Franklin wore many hats, and influenced the city — and the United States — in ways that are still obvious today.,The young boy who came to Philadelphia at 17 as a printer’s apprentice invented bifocals, the lightning rod, swim fins and the flexible catheter. He charted the Gulf Stream currents, and developed new community services such as one of the first fire protection programs in Philadelphia and the colonies’ first insurance company.,He came up with the colonies’ first philosophical society, the first public lending library, and was elected president of a group promoting the abolition of slavery. Franklin was a passionate spokesman for uniting the colonies, and he eventually became one of the rare American diplomats who was beloved by the French. In fact, his passionate words helped the colonists gain the military support of King Louis XVI during the American Revolution.,A man far ahead of his time, the outgoing Franklin was an occasional vegetarian who drank more water than beer, and a man who followed spiritual paths of his own. He was a pillar of strength to the struggling colonies, painting a vision for the nation they would one day become.,On January 17, 2006, this American overachiever turns 300 — and Philadelphia is throwing a humdinger of a party for its favorite son. The Ben Franklin 300 Philadelphia festivities run through summer 2006.,The centerpiece of the celebrations is the international traveling exhibit “Benjamin Franklin: In Search of a Better World.” Premiering December 15, 2005, at Philadelphia’s National Constitution Center, the exhibition immerses visitors in Franklin’s world, inspiring them by his example.,Those who want to experience Franklin’s adopted hometown from his viewpoint can take the Walking in Franklin’s Footsteps self-guided walking tour. The jaunt visits important historical locations (such as Independence Hall), as well as the places where Franklin lived and worked.,The party continues with Philomel, a string ensemble that submerses visitors in the sounds of the past by playing the tunes of the 1700s and 1800s. Orchestra members will play instruments such as the harpsichord, cello and recorder at historical locations throughout the city at locations including Christ Church, St. Paul’s and St. Martin’s. Tickets start at $30; it’s money well-spent.,For art lovers, the Pennsylvania Ballet offers Franklin Court through March 2006, and the Philadelphia Theatre Company debuts Ben Franklin: Unplugged, a hilarious monologue, in January 2006.,America’s untold stories will come to life this summer with Once Upon a Nation, a free, citywide storytelling event. Few people know, for instance, that Betsy Ross (who created the American flag) was a feisty twenty-something and an entrepreneur. These and other lively and little-known stories will be told at 13 different storytelling benches. (The city offers free maps.),Children will also enjoy the Franklin Institute Science Museum, a hands-on museum with science exhibits to explore, including a “walk” through a human heart. The Museum’s new live stage show “Sparks!” exhibit (January 1 through December 31, 2006) is a high-energy, interactive show illustrating the power of electricity. (The show is available for school groups.),The Lights of Liberty Show is a must-see when visiting Philadelphia. This spectacular 3-D media event takes viewers to sites all over the city, recreating the very instances that occurred at these locations. The show uses an excellent sound track (visitors wear headsets) and uses a five-story light display. Children have their own sound track, narrated by Whoopi Goldberg.,Though Franklin was happily married, he was also beloved by the ladies — whether they were American, French or Russian. The American Philosophical Society’s new exhibit, “The Princess and the Patriot,” details the extraordinary friendship between Franklin and Russian princess Ekaterina Dashkova, who directed the most prestigious scientific organization in her country. The exhibit is free, and runs February 17- December 31, 2006.,Even local Philly businesses are getting into the party mood. Le Castagne, an Italian eatery on Chestnut Street, offers a three-course Ben-themed dinner. Just around the corner, Brasserie Perrier offers cocktails in cranberry and apple, two of Franklin’s favorite flavors.,This is obviously a town that knows its founding fathers, and Philadelphia’s moving tribute to Franklin is a testament to his outstanding life. And as one local resident said, it’s another great reason to throw a big party.,If You Go,Where to Stay,Continue your blast to the past with a stay at the Morris House Hotel, a small orchestral jewel that was built in 1787, during Franklin’s day. Restored with classical elegance, the Morris House is filled with 18th century art and furnishings. Best of all, the hotel is located just a few blocks from Independence Mall and the Liberty Bell Pavilion. The Morris House has 15 guestrooms and extended-stay suites, each offering modern conveniences such as Wi-Fi and luxury baths. Rates start at US$ 159 per night.,The Morris House Hotel,225 S. 8th St.,+ 215-922-2446,www.morrishousehotel.com,Greater Philadelphia Tourism Marketing Corporation,www.gophila.com/ben,Independence Visitor Center,Corner of 6th and Market streets,800-537-7676,www.independencevisitorcenter.com,Franklin Institute Science Museum,20th & Ben Franklin Pkwy.,800-285-0684,www.fi.edu,Philomel,www.philomel.org,+ 215-487-2344,Once Upon A Nation,+ 215-629-5801 ext 201,www.onceuponanation.org,Lights of Liberty,www.lightsofliberty.org,877-GO-1776 (within the United States),National Constitution Center,525 Arch Street, Independence Mall,www.constitutioncenter.org,215-409-6700,Benjamin Franklin: In Search of a Better World,December 15, 2005-April 30, 2006,National Constitution Center,525 Arch Street, Independence Mall,215-409-6700 or www.gophila/ben.com,For decades, Albania was cut off from the world. Today this mysterious and stunningly beautiful country welcomes travelers to Albania. Here’s what you should know.,For years, the small country of Albania was cut off from the world, but today, it has become an increasingly popular tourist destination. It attracts beachcombers, foodies interested in unique traditional cuisine, and history buffs looking for rich cultural heritage.,1. In the evenings, the locals like to walk but it’s not just a walk. Known as Xhiro, it’s an official evening walk where residents come out to stretch their legs. In many towns, the roads close to cars during certain hours. Apartment blocks are empty and everyone gathers at various places, walking and talking until nightfall.,2. When an Albanian agrees with you, he or she will shake their head, and when they disagree with you, they will nod. Be warned and avoid confusion. Yes means no and no means yes.,3. Albanians believe that a scarecrow placed on a home or other building while it’s under construction will ward off envy from the neighbors.. Ha! Sometimes you’ll see a teddy bear serving the same purpose. The odd part is that the scarecrow or the teddy bear will be impaled on a rod or hung by a rope-like a noose. Some also say that these talismans bring good luck.,4. When the communist era ended in 1991, there were roughly three million people in the country but only 3,000 cars. Communism isolated the country and, for a long time, only party officers were allowed to use cars. In the years since many more cars have come into the country, and the national preference appears to be Mercedes.,5. The heroine of Albania is Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu, better known to the rest of the world as Mother Teresa. She was born in Skopje, part of Albania for a long time but, since 1913, part of Macedonia. She is the only Albanian to win a Nobel prize.,6. In 1995 a law was passed requiring citizens to pay taxes on traffic lights in their home towns. The residents of Shkodra were taxed, just like all cities, but they staged a protest. The reason? Shkodra has no traffic lights. ,It’s one of the oldest cities in Europe and the fifth-largest in Albania, with a wonderful Old Town worth visiting. History buffs will love the restoration that’s happening. Also, the Rozafa Fortress offers incredible views over the lake.,7. Tirana, the capital of Albania, has a lot in common with other European capitals. It’s one of the only capitals without a McDonald’s (another is the Vatican City). Tirana is the heart of the country with a vibrant and youthful atmosphere. Post-communist transformation is most apparent here. ,It’s practically unrecognizable from its old self. Primary colors decorate the buildings, and there are more public squares and pedestrian streets, as well as new business and shopping. Check out Blloku, where there are great bars, as well as the grand boulevard.,8. Albania has over 750,000 bunkers spread out across the land. They are hard to miss and can be a nice car game (be the first to spot the bunker!). They were all built during the dictatorship of Enver Hoxha to protect the country from an invasion – but an invasion never happened. ,Most bunkers are a bit of an eyesore and many Albanians dislike them because they are a reminder of 50+ years of isolation. But a few have been repurposed into cultural museums, artistic canvases and business ventures.,9. Tirana, the capital, is surprisingly chic. For a country that’s had some stark years, the true Albanian spirit can be seen in modern Tirana. You might expect it to be dominated by grey concrete (like other post-communist European cities), but there’s a ton of green space, and, of course, lots of color. The inspiration behind the reinvention of the city is Edi Rama, a painter and a politician.,10. Raki is the national drink, but be warned! Raki made out in the villages is equal to about three normal drinks. If you’ve traveled in the Balkans, you’ve probably come across rakija or rakia, but the Albanian version is quite unique. ,It’s an old-school moonshine made from grapes and it’s incredibly strong. You’ll find it in most bars but be sure to pay attention to its source. If it comes out of a repurposed plastic bottle or plain glass jug, you’re liking getting a home-brew likely to put hair on your chest (as the saying goes).,Here are a few other things you should know about Albanians:,Albanians are very hospitable, even more so than in the rest of the Balkans. Elder males expect to be shown respect because of their age. Men of the family have to be respected, in particular. Shake hands with them and do not argue about topics such as religion and politics.,In the north, avoid topics that go beyond local understanding. On the other hand, in Tirana, you will find very cosmopolitan people who are as open to new and modern ideas as citizens of western Europe. Perhaps the most important thing to remember is to respect local people, at least as much as you respect people back home.,Women traditionally kiss one another on the cheeks, sometimes from the very first time they meet, but men and women do not kiss each other on the cheek unless they have been friends for a long time. ,If there is a baby in an Albanian family, always ask to see him or her, and don’t forget to add a compliment (usually “qenka i shendetshem, me jete te gjate” or “what a sweet baby” works best). If you are a man, or a woman with a group of men, don’t compliment females unless they are under age 10-12.,If you don’t speak English, but a language where “you” in informal and “you” in formal are not the same, be aware that some Albanians do not use the formal form in their language. Sometimes even the prime minister is addressed with “ti” if a journalist is a friend of his. ,However, when meeting people for the first time, it’s better if you address them in the formal form, although they will shortly after ask you to address them in an informal way.,Policemen in Albania are often polite. Police at checkpoints will very often stop foreign cars, many of which are owned by returning Albanians or Kosovars who are good targets for extortion. ,When police see that you are a foreign tourist, they will usually tell you to go on (usually with  “ec, ec, rruge te mbare” which can be translated to “go on, have a nice trip”). When this happens, it’s very polite if you respond with a “faleminderit” (“thank you” in Albanian).,Albanians love dancing, especially at weddings. If you are attending a party, don’t be afraid to dance. Maybe you don’t know the traditional dances, but try to learn.,My wife and I are the owners of the Albania Express Travel, a Travel Agency and DMC Balkan Tour Operator with great experience in arranging group tours, individual tours, accommodation and transport. We also link groups with experienced guides in different languages, events and meetings, trekking, hiking and walking tours. Other groups can do holidays to Albania and its neighboring countries such as Montenegro, Macedonia, Kosovo, Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.,Albania, once a communist country, had been isolated for 50 years. In the early 1990s, the political system changed, and today we live free. But after communism, Albania became very poor and many Albanians fled the country for a better life. I did the same thing. ,I moved to England for 10 years and then returned to Albania. In England, I met my future Albanian wife, Alma, and in 2012 we decided to return and start a tourism business in Tirana, the capital of Albania. Alma and four other women work in the office, returning calls from clients, organizing tours, figuring out prices, and the like. I deal with hotels, guides, transportation and I also am an English language guide. I don’t like working in the office, so I’m on the move all the time. We only do tours in Albania and the Balkans. ,During communism in Albania, the only foreign languages we were allowed to learn were those of communist states, like Russian or Slavic languages but I was lucky, because my neighbor, a woman married to an Albanian doctor, spoke English very well. I learned a lot from her in secret, because if someone from the communist party had found out that I knew English, they would arrest me and my teacher, even though I was only ten years old.,When the system changed, the opportunity for work was great, because in Albania very few people knew English. I started working in some foreign embassies in Albania, including the English embassy, and I was given the opportunity to live in England for a while. Even today we have very few people in Albanian tourism who speak foreign languages but Albania is ready for exploration, and millions of tourists come to visit the country. I am very much in demand because I speak English,,If you do find someone who speaks English in Albania, they don’t always know the history or geography and if you find someone who knows the history, he or she cannot drive or don’t have a license. ,I have all of them. I speak English, I know the history of my country, and I have some cars and minibuses. I am fully booked the whole year. ,We have clients from all over the world, but Italian tourists are No. 1 right now because Italy is very close to Albania and 70 percent of the population in Albania speaks Italian. Why? Albanians created special TV antennas to get reception from Italian TV channels and Albanians learned Italian secretly through the TV. ,During the night, if the lights were on in your house, the police arrived and asked why you weren’t sleeping. After 10 o’clock lights had to be off but people put some blankets over their windows to stop the light from reflecting outside the house and watched Italian channels.

To learn more or book at tour, reach us at Albania Express Travel,What are some unique cultural customs or traditions found in Albania?,Hear the songs of the lost children who have found a home in this Indian community.,I had never expected to be in India. It wasn’t the exotic beauty that had drawn me. It wasn’t the storied, ancient history of the country or its rich and varied culture.,It was not the colors or the spices or the sounds or the spirituality of the place. India is all of these things, to be sure; but they were not what pulled me close, made the place somehow a part of my soul before I had even arrived.,It was the children.,They are everywhere. They fill the streets, the railway stations, the villages. Many of them are homeless, overflowing the orphanages and other institutional homes to live on the streets.,Amidst the growing prosperity of India, there is an entire generation of parentless children growing up, often forced into child labor and prostitution – more than 25 million in all.,They are invisible children, their plight virtually unnoticed by the world, their voices silenced.,In Choudwar, a small town about 100 miles south of Calcutta, a man named Damodar Sahoo, lovingly known as Papa, has dedicated his life to providing some sort of family for hundreds of these children.,The organization with which he works, the Servants of India Society, is funded and managed by the Miracle Foundation and assisted by donations and volunteers from the United States.,I had no way of knowing just how much it would change my life.,Eleven dazed Americans emerge into piercing sunlight and walk across the tarmac to the small terminal. As our group enters, we are immediately spotted by Papa.,Alongside him are his wife, two women who work at the orphanage, and three of the children.,As we show our passports and enter the gate, one by one, the little girls hand us each a bouquet of flowers, kissing their fingers and bending down to touch our feet in a blessing.,We are crammed into vehicles with our luggage and zoom down the dirt road, peppered with potholes, narrowly missing bicycles, pedestrians, cows and rickshaws.,India is everything I imagined it would be – only more so.,More colors, more noises, more smells, more people, more everything. It is an assault on all the senses at once.,There is the constant beep-beep of the horns, deteriorating buildings, ragged street vendors and ramshackle homes. The wonderful and the abject co-exist side by side, for the most part, peacefully.,However, there is much beauty in the midst of it all. The warmth and shyness of the people, the colorful saris, the upscale shops next to the vendors, the swaying trees surrounding it all.,I am enchanted by a brief glimpse into an ornate Hindu temple, candles glowing and people bowing their heads to the ground in prayer.,Beauty is not to be separated out, sanitized, and kept apart for its own sake.,The true measure of beauty lay in its imperfections; to see it, one must embrace it all. India immediately wraps itself around me and refuses to let go.,And in the children, beauty seems to come alive, almost making me believe it is a living entity I can capture in my hands.,Without warning, we lurch around a village corner and turn into the orphanage entrance. The cars stop and a hundred children line in a semi-circle, waving and chanting “welcome” repeatedly.,I open the car door and they are all around me, touching my feet in blessing. The children are shy at first, obviously excited but reticent.,One little girl, about seven years old, summons her courage and touches my arm, then grasps my hand. “Hello,” she says softly, looking up at me and just as quickly dropping her eyes, giggling.,As soon as she does this, the crowd of surrounding children sheds their reserve and instantly moves in closer, putting their hands out for me to shake.,There is a never-ending supply of hands raised in front of me and I shake them over and over.,I am overwhelmed and unsure what to do, blindly following behind Papa as he moves into the ashram, or communal retreat.,It is almost surreal and happening quickly. I don’t have time to look around or get any sense of where I am in the darkness.,There are just the children, all around, and my feet moving forward until we arrive in a courtyard. The children, as one, leave our sides and begin climbing a staircase in an orderly fashion.,We follow with the dozen staff members, removing our shoes at the top of the stairs and entering the prayer room.,The children are already lined up and sitting on rugs on the floor, boys on one side and girls on the other, ages progressively going up toward the back with older kids sitting behind younger.,I am handed a small bouquet of red roses and marigolds and led to a spot on the mats.,At the front of the room is an altar holding flowers, small trinkets of devotion, a picture of the guru Sai Baba and a statue of Vishnu, an ancient Hindu god.,Tacked to the walls on all sides are pictures of other Hindu gods, Ganesh and Krishna, as well as Jesus, Mary, Mother Theresa and Mohammed.,Ceiling fans whir overhead to stir up the warm air. A staff member lights incense at the altar while another blows a horn softly. The children sit up straighter and cease any fidgeting or whispering.,Then the prayers begin with a simple chant: “Om….om..,” the small voices resonate deeply.,The chanting gives way to a song, a hundred sweet voices dance in the air and fill the room. Beside me on the rug sits one of the smallest girls, with glossy black curls and deep dimples.,She is sitting lotus-style with her middle fingers and thumbs pressed together on the knees of her yellow and green flowered dress, eyes squinted tightly shut in concentration.,Her strong, clear singing distinctly carries to my ears apart from the others. The voice of this three-year-old rising so pure and true is one of the most powerful sounds I had ever heard.,Soon the singing fades into silence and Papa prays. He says there are many religions represented and respected in the ashram.,“Here, there are Hindus, Christians, Buddhists and Muslims. We pray,” Papa said, “to God and Allah and Jesus and Mohammed. The meaning of life is to love all. The purpose of life is to serve all.”,It is a simple prayer, reminding me that life need not be complicated unless we make it so. A soothing peace palpable in the air fills me and I breathe out deeply.,The past 40 hours of travel with little sleep falls away as if it were nothing. There seems to be no other world outside this place.,As Papa speaks my eyes travel over the faces around me. I wonder when each of them had stopped wanting to go home, or if they ever had.,As much of a loving community as the ashram seems, it is not the family that most of the children had once known.,I suppose the pieces of memory fade until this strange new place is not strange anymore; it becomes harder to recall the past life, a long ago family, until one day the children realize they are home.,The Miracle Foundation,www.miraclefoundation.org,Shelley Seale is a freelance writer and author of The Weight of Silence: Invisible Children of India. For the past three years she has been traveling throughout India, getting to know dozens of children living in orphanages and on the streets, victims of AIDS, trafficking and child labor.,Discover some of New York’s award-winning wineries in the Hamptons and North Fork on this socially-distanced vacation for wine lovers.,When it’s a beautiful time to be outdoors, the vineyards of The North Fork and the Hamptons in New York offer the perfect opportunity for socially distant enjoyment. The vineyards are open for tastings, some by reservation only, and some still offering outdoor seating.,The selection of whites, reds and rosés varies, and each has some limited-edition wines on offer. If you discover a new favorite, I advise you to buy some bottles to take home.,For a touch of romance, Croteaux will transport you to Provence in an instant. Off the main drag, away from the other vineyards lining the route from Riverhead to Greenport, Croteaux is a smaller oasis with beautiful grounds and a very private setting for enjoying rosés and nibbles.,Rosé is all they produce here, and you can get a flight ranging from white rosé to sparkling that will open your eyes and taste buds to more rosé nuances than you might have known. Tables in the romantic garden are set next to small open-air salon-like rooms and the Tasting Barn. ,The North Fork’s only waterfront vineyard and one of the area’s most exclusive sits a ways off the main Wine Trail as well. Requiring reservations and an initial booking fee, Kontakosta is in its own league when it comes to vineyards. ,At the moment, no tastings are available, so you’ll need to purchase a bottle, which, together with the price of a glass, can be rather pricy. ,But, as the adage goes, you get what you pay for. Kontakosta’s white Anemometer is a crisp blend of viognier and chardonnay that’s perfect with the area’s seafood and befits its maritime location. The setting is gorgeous, socially distanced, and where else can you sip your wine and have a view of the bluffs of Long Island Sound?,The Rivero González family and winemaker Lilia Perez of RGNY have their birth roots in Mexico but their winemaking is firmly planted in the North Fork. Set in Riverhead on an expansive plot of land, RGNY offers an exciting option for those looking to expand their wine knowledge.,Wines include white merlot, cabernet franc, pinot noir and viognier. But here, you’ll find that the tastes and textures might be a bit different from what you know. The pinot noir and cabernet franc, for instance, are unfiltered, creating a nose, color and body that isn’t expected.,Live music is presented outdoors in warmer weather and provides a lively accompaniment for enjoying the vineyard’s artisanal charcuterie and cheese plates. Look for new vintages to come as Perez takes her Bordeaux training and Mexican heritage and mixes it with the terroir of the North Fork to create orange wines in amphora and more. ,Now in its 40th year, Pindar Vineyards is quite an entity with acres of vineyards and a tasting room and outdoor area as expansive as you’ll find on the North Fork. Long Island’s most well-known wine producer, Pindar, is family-owned and overseen by ,Barbara and Pindar Damianos, keeping alive the vision and traditions begun by Barbara’s husband, Dan Damianos. As with Duck Walk, labels on Pindar vintages are works of art, and you should spend some time perusing the bottles and cans (yes, they have wine in cans!) as you decide what to sample.,The knowledgeable servers will arrange a tasting for you with a range of the vineyard’s whites, reds and rosés. Ask for recommendations — Pindar grows 17 varieties of grapes, producing some 23 varietals and proprietary blends.,Build up your own wine knowledge before with Wine.com. Talk with wine experts dedicated to find all the wines specific to your taste and teach you why they are special. Sign-up to get the selected bottles delivered to your door here.,On warm weekends, live music will entertain you, and there is often an outdoor stand with oysters on the half. A third part of the Pindar empire, Jason’s Vineyard, a few miles away, offers a more intimate setting.,Bedell has matured over its 40 years into a lovely setting for enjoying its red, white and rosé wines. The well-orchestrated vineyard allows small pets so you can bring the extended family to enjoy the gorgeous outdoor setting with live music on select weekends.,Popular features are the vineyard’s First Crush wines made with young vines, contrasting with older vintages like the prized oak-aged Musée 2014 (with a label by Chuck Close) and the 2018 petit Verdot. Bedell’s albariño pairs perfectly with their charcuterie and cheese plates. In cooler times, the vineyard’s expansive deck is a welcoming space for tastings and small bites.,The premier vineyard on the South Fork, Wölffer Estate Vineyard is a formal affair overseen by winemaker Roman Roth. Thanks to its gorgeous estate, terrace and acres of vineyards, you might think you’ve arrived under the Tuscan sun. The vineyard produces whites, reds, and rosés from its vineyards just a few miles from the Atlantic Ocean.,Tastings are offered outdoors, weather permitting, with reservations. A drive-through rosé truck sells the Wolffer’s pretty Summer in a Bottle and is also located at the vineyard’s casual Wine Stand. You can schedule private tours of the vineyards through the Wine Stand with a small-bite and wine tasting included. Adding to its repertoire, Wölffer also makes ciders and a surprising gin.,With an unobstructed view of the Parrish Museum, Duck Walk Vineyards’ Water Mill location offers a serene alternative to its busier North Fork counterpart. The smaller vineyard is an intimate setting for taking in the beautiful artwork on the labels and the gorgeous landscape while enjoying a tasting of reds, whites and rosés.,The family-owned winery is part of the Pindar group. If you time it right, an outdoor seat will let you hear the rehearsals for the Parrish’s Friday night jazz. In warmer months, Duck Walk Hampton and Duck Walk North both present live music, too, on weekends.,Find more activities, transportation and tours around New York with GetYourGuide. Check out their flexible booking and cancellation options for the Hamptons area here.,From its people to the architecture, it’s no wonder that San Miguel de Allende is a favorite with expats and digital nomads.,I found San Miguel de Allende, Mexico by chance—or else, destiny—and I returned to it for love, not once, but many times. In the in-between, I returned, quite frequently because it changed my life.,But as much as I would like to take credit for finding this colonial haven in Mexico’s heartland, I can’t. Just like every place that is life-changing, it is the place that finds us, not the other way around.,So, when I needed a break from the hustle and bustle of Toronto this charming town in the state of Guanajuato found me, it was fortunate that I already knew how to speak the language. My credit, if any at all, resided on answering the call to go where I was needed.,Being born in Mexico and having left the country at an early age to go to college, I never thought I would have a reason to return. After all, I was already a citizen of the world, and I longed to explore all of its buzzing capitals and far-flung villages.,But coming back to my home country allowed me to integrate that part of me as part of my whole existence. My article How I Became An Immigrant In My Own Country sums up that experience.,My life is divided by a line that says before San Miguel de Allende and after San Miguel de Allende. It was the place that helped me relax and heal spiritually and reconnect with many long-lost passions, like tennis, romance, writing and living life on my own terms. The other reason why it became so important to me is that it changed my view on travel.,Even though I’ve enjoyed extended stays and wonderfully immersive experiences in numerous countries, my outlook on travel—fuelled largely by being intensely goal-driven—was always on the backburner, oriented towards accomplishments. The more, the better.,How many countries had I been to? How many cities? Been there, done that.,But what I learned through time is that this goal-intensive way of traveling rarely amounts to meaningful experiences because it leads us to constantly look forward to the next place, and the next place, and so on, instead of fully soaking in and embracing where we are., in the moment.,I was thinking of it more like a job that I needed to get done, rather than enjoying the destinations and all they had to offer.,My original plan when arriving at San Miguel de Allende consisted of staying for three weeks. I was living in Toronto at the time.,After spending Christmas in Texas with my family, I had planned to go to South America for a couple of months, working remotely while I waited for spring to arrive in Canada. San Miguel was supposed to bridge the gap between the then and the now.,Fortunately, being a digital nomad, I could take my work with me. And the only part of my job that is not fully portable―tennis coaching―is semi-portable because there are tennis courts almost everywhere.,San Miguel de Allende has risen to prominence as a popular destination for expats and tourists worldwide in recent years, especially following the denomination it received as the best city in the world by Travel and Leisure. It is widely known for its cobblestoned streets, its endearing yellow-and-terracotta houses and its flower-peppered rolling hills.,It is also home to countless entertainment venues, from swanky rooftops where you can contemplate the gorgeous sunsets to traditional cantinas where you can close the night to the tune of traditional Mexican songs. But these, in my opinion, are what make San Miguel unique.,Having spent considerable amounts of time in over thirty countries, this is why I returned to San Miguel de Allende.,For me, people make a huge difference everywhere I go. I feel blessed and fortunate that I have been able to make so many good friends in different parts of the world.,San Miguel de Allende is full of people who, like me, have defied the rules of conventional living. That has gradually changed as the place has become a go-to spot for tourists (there is a difference between travelers and tourists) who go there to see and be seen.,But what I found―and what delighted me―is that most of the people I met were no longer conditioned by a certain role or by the societal structures of their hometowns so they were actually being themselves―Bohemian artists, spiritual seekers, eternal wanderers. That was my experience.,Almost everybody I met in town, regardless of their background story, had his or her life transformed in San Miguel. These people came from all corners of the world, Alaska, Florida, Germany, Sri Lanka.,There is something about the energy of this place that feels liberating, and most people I met were very open, friendly and welcoming. The atmosphere at coffee shops, parks, bars and restaurants was generally super casual and relaxed, making it very easy to engage in conversation and develop new friendships.,Make international friends, wherever you go! Discover InterNations, the community for global minds with over 4.2 million members worldwide. Enjoy events, join groups, and more!,One thing is that there are amazing people living and spending time in San Miguel de Allende which I believe is true for every place in the world. In my opinion, everybody is amazing in their own way.,Because San Miguel de Allende is less-structured, people don’t have rigid agendas or ways of life and are, therefore, they are available to engage. This transition reminded me how people in smaller societies, they still value true, authentic human connection.,For a while, in Toronto, I lived in a condo building that had sixty floors. On a daily basis, I bumped into dozens of people—in the elevators, at the pool or the library—and most of them would weirdly nod when I said hello or smiled at them as if they had been knocked out of balance. Otherwise, they were be glued to their phones.,But when I spent time in Waterloo, a smaller town—even though it is a hub for most of Canada’s technological innovations—I was greeted with utmost warmth and care upon my arrival to the apartment I had rented. Everybody helped me feel at home right away.,Being more familiar with larger Mexican cities than small towns, I expected San Miguel to be more like Toronto than Waterloo. I was pleasantly surprised when I realized it was the former. There are countless benefits when life moves at a different pace.,One of these fabulous advantages as a digital nomad is that the lifestyle provided me with numerous ways to balance my on-screen time with off-screen activities. Of course, this was interrupted by the still-ongoing coronavirus pandemic.,But once activities are restored, I believe the countless events that made San Miguel such an entertaining place, like plays, concerts and ping-pong tournaments, will return.,Another advantage to San Miguel de Allende is that after spending so much time working on a computer, it is refreshing to be able toto connect with fellow human beings, who truly can take the time to get to know each other instead of always being on the go. There is another area where life moves at a different pace in San Miguel or where different—and more human—values are embraced.,Even though Guanajuato—the state where the city is located—is the state with the highest number of murders in Mexico, and even though it has been deeply affected by the pandemic on all levels, people here still trust, and have, gracefully, declined against adopting the mistrust and defensiveness of modern urban societies.,Don’t have enough change for coffee or a pastry? Don’t worry, you can always pay when you come back. (A la vuelta, as they say in Spanish),People still greet everybody as they walk by, and it is odd not to say hello. Neighbors still rely on each other—and not on 24/7 convenience stores—for ingredients they might be missing, like milk or sugar.,Living at a different pace and with different values led me to completely reframe the ideals that were ruling my life. And the irony was that being more peaceful and mindful and less self-absorbed led me to be substantially more productive.,The first couple of days in San Miguel de Allende as I walked through the picturesque Centro streets with my girlfriend, I noticed that she would stop at almost every corner to take pictures.,She delighted herself on the features of the architecture or with the jaw-dropping postcards, which combine nature and historical buildings, that you can find at every turn.,,Among the many things she has taught me, one is how to see and appreciate all the marvels that unfold in front of us, every moment. I also learned how to see people better.,Because everybody greeted us and wished us a nice day, it was so much easier to flow and feel like we were part of something larger. It was so nice to see people as humans and to connect with them on a personal level.,The experience quickly displaced the urban-fostered default mindset of seeing everybody as an object on our perpetual way somewhere else. This newfound way of seeing things also had tremendous benefits in my work. Because I was more fulfilled and in less of a rush, I could focus better.,I got in touch with an endless fountain of creativity that had been stuck inside me, waiting to be expressed. By doing less, I achieved more. As a digital nomad, it was a tremendous perk to be able to take sometime and discover a town that taught me to embrace a different way of life.,As more tourists flock to fancier hotels, avoiding smaller destinations, despite the ongoing restrictions, you can see the unfortunate effects on the town’s energy. Gentrification is a worldwide syndrome,But it is still an amazing place, and it will change you. It will awaken your senses. It will show you that there are different ways to live.,As of now, my cycle in San Miguel has temporarily concluded, although I know, at some point, I will be back.,But in the meantime, I live differently. I travel differently. I fell in love and made wonderful memories. And I might have left, but I will never be the same.,Author Bio: Javier Ortega-Araiza is a lifelong traveler, adventurer, and storyteller, narrating his human experience. His journey has taken him to over thirty countries, has been a digital nomad for over ten years. But what truly matters to him are the connections made, the people met, and the wonderful stories that he has listened to as part of his travels. He is a published author in both English and Spanish, and beyond writing, he hosts a podcast, is an avid tennis player and coach, a social entrepreneur and investor, and a spiritual counselor, among many other things in between. You can learn more about him at joapublishing.medium.com ,Hello , what a lovely article and one that rings true to the experience of so many others I have spoken to. I do not know when this article was written, but I am heading down for a month and work online as a corporate coach. I have pared down my work for the month coming up, but do have some dates that I cannot get out of. I wanted to ask you about dependability and back up plans for working online. My bnb has megacable – I wonder if you know how dependable that will be. I am planning a hotspot option, tethering my phone if the internet is unstable. what I wondered was what and where I should buy a sim card for that option in San Miguel. Can you share any information that might be helpful?,In this high mountain town, tropical fruits fill market stalls and traditional crafts sell on the streets.,The petite, raven-haired women in shimmery rainbow-colored pleated skirts swirled off the launch carrying bundles and bags, and then disappeared up Escheresque stairs that climbed the steep hillside wherever I looked.,I scurried to follow. I was intrigued by these living symbols of folk tradition who still wore the finely embroidered blouses and silken skirts of their ancestors as they went about their daily routines. But the Purépechan Indian women seemed to evaporate like a fading rainbow into a rabbit warren of stairstep shops, rooftop terraces and crooked alleyways.,My husband, Eric, and I were visiting Janitzio, a tiny, gumdrop-shaped island on 15-mile-long Lake Pátzcuaro, tucked into volcanic mountains in Mexico’s Michoacán state. The houses, churches and other buildings on the island seemed squeezed as if by a giant grip, pressing skyward. We had approached Janitzio on a long, wooden, canopied boat filled with three dozen passengers — Purépechan Indians returning from their marketing chores in the lakeside town of Pátzcuaro and a few Mexican tourists.,As we skimmed over the shallow, silty lake toward the island, a statue of José María Morelos, a Mexican revolutionary, grew to giant proportions atop the island, raising his fist skyward.,Just off the island, fishermen in dinghies stood up and dipped immense butterfly nets into the water for the entertainment of the boat’s passengers, then passed baskets for collections.,A young brother and sister on our boat beamed as they playfully dipped their tourist-trinket reed nets into the water, mimicking the fishermen’s motions. This style of fishing has been done here for generations. The catch,pescado blanco (white fish), is the centerpiece of the local cuisine.,We disembarked in a plaza and worked our way up well-worn stone steps, passing modest stucco homes; a cemetery where the graves were adorned with marigolds and candle stubs; and a middle school recreation yard buzzing with plaid-uniformed students on recess. A small stone church tucked into the hillside was a welcome break from the heat of the day.,Inside the dim space, women kneeled before an immense altar with a painted statue of Jesus, arms outstretched. Overhead, fishing nets filled with masses of brilliant yellow marigolds hung from the ceiling. Marigolds have held ceremonial significance in the Lake Pátzcuaro region since pre-Hispanic times.,There were no marigolds at the apex of the island, but a profusion of roses and other flowers, in a tidy formal garden surrounding the base of the Morales statue. Inside the statue, a circular staircase wraps ever tighter and narrower, like the inside of a nautilus shell, to the summit of the statue.,Just one floor up, Eric paused to examine one of a series of vivid historical murals of Morelos’ life that lined the stairs then he stared balefully upward at the steep stairs. I knew Eric was acrophobic, so I tossed down the gauntlet: “Come on! It’ll be OK!” I said, as I retraced my steps from the next level up. “No, I’ll stay right here, Eric said, emphatically. “Come on, if I can do it you can,” I urged. Farther up, I leaned over the railing to look down the spiral. “Oooh, it’s just black below … don’t look down!”,Step by step, holding hands in the narrow parts, we crept upward 150 feet (46 m) until we emerged from the stuffy, tomblike interior to an observation platform teased by a fresh breeze. Eric sported a wide grin as he surveyed the scenery.,The lake spread before us to nearby islands, distant green hills that looked like rumpled velvet and farm fields. To the south, we could make out the patch of buildings on the forested slope that is Pátzcuaro, one of the loveliest towns in Mexico, and the place where we were staying.,This high mountain town of 45,000 is surrounded by pine forests and lush tropical vegetation in an area where the volcanic soil and moist heat of the day create a jungle-like profusion. The town’s two plazas are shaded by immense elm trees that form a canopy over the adobe buildings with red tile roofs. Red-and-black signs, all using the same style of writing, identify each business.,Purépechans (called Tarascans by the Spaniards) settled in the Pátzcuaro area in 1324. Pátzcuaro was the most important religious site for the Purépechan kings, who believed that the region was the gateway to heaven. In addition to being religious, the Purépechans were accomplished warriors. They were the only indigenous people who managed to keep the Aztec empire from expanding into their area. Thus, the Purépechans developed their own unique culture.,We had arrived in Pátzcuaro in the evening, and settled into La Mansión de los Sueños, (House of Dreams), a lovely boutique hotel in a restored 17th century home, with hand-carved furniture, folk art and a fireplace in each room. It was dinnertime, and we explored the profusion of cafes lining the cobbled streets around the central square, Plaza Vasco de Quiroga.,We chose a charming restaurant, El Primero Piso, (The First Floor) and were lucky to score a table on a private balcony. We dined on fried pescado blanco served with an almond sauce, and a delicious Tarascan bean soup, aromatic with chiles and with a dollop of soft white cheese on top. That was it … we had to have the recipe, and decided to search for the ingredients needed to make this extraordinary soup.,In the morning, we set off to explore. Following a small tide of people, we turned a corner and wandered into the town’s Friday market. We waded into the bustling crowd of shoulder-high Purépechans shopping, and others selling their local harvest or catch at rustic wooden stalls or just out of baskets lined up in the church square. A hum of conversation swirled around us as diminutive grandmas in gingham aprons and shawls, hair wrapped in cloth, pushed past, carrying bundles and crates.,At one wooden stall, a bubbling cauldron of fish soup served in brown pottery bowls was breakfast for a dozen locals. Moms greeted friends streaming into the market, while toddlers and children played nearby. Woven baskets of tiny dried silvery fish took up an entire section. Ten-inch-long (25 cm) fish lined up on newspapers were still gasping. “That’s how buyers tell they’re fresh,” Eric joked.,Papayas, oranges and lemons were stacked high in the fruit section. Nearer the church door, used clothing was heaped in piles on the cobblestones. Back toward the street, permanent market stalls catered to those in need of embroidered blouses, a shave or hardware. Three little girls in pink and orange dresses played ring-around-the-rosy in the center of the sidewalk. They flashed shy, curious smiles as we edged past.,Beyond the girls, a kind-eyed woman in a checkered apron beckoned to us. She gestured to a pile of fruit that looked somewhat like apricots. “Que es?” I asked. “Misperos,” she replied. She chose one and offered it for a taste. It had a sweet, tropical flavor, vaguely familiar, yet unknown to our palates. We bought a small bag of them to enjoy on our walk.,Rounding a corner, we came across a bean shop where dozens of varieties of beans were displayed next to numerous dried chiles. We asked the merchant how to make Tarascan soup, and she measured out yellow beans and smoky black chiles, then offered to write the recipe down for us. Eric and I were exuberant, thinking of rainy days to come at home with fragrant Tarascan soup bubbling in the kitchen.,Leaving the market behind, we strolled to Plaza Vasco de Quiroga to shop for some of the local crafts. When Spanish bishop Don Vasco de Quiroga was sent to Pátzcuaro in 1536, he decided to help improve the economy of the Purépechans.,He did this by encouraging the people living in traditional villages around Lake Pátzcuaro to develop unique crafts that they could use for trading. This early business venture blossomed, and today the region is well-known for its traditional crafts: Hand-painted pottery, copper plates, woven tablecloths, silver jewelry and straw ornaments.,In El Mesón Galeria, gorgeous pottery pumpkins in green, gold and brown hues with whimsically curly vines caught my interest. They were displayed next to heavy glassware with cobalt blue rims, and wooden religious icons. Painted tin decorations — hearts, crosses and other symbols — made up a kaleidoscope-bright display on one wall.,When we had our fill of shopping, we stopped at a sidewalk ice cream shop beneath one of the square’s arcades. A sign said “Since 1905.” Ice cream is one of Pátzcuaro’s specialties. Deep metal cans with lids were nested in burlap and ice. I tried mango ice cream, while Eric had piñon (pine nut) and peach-colored mamey, (a tropical fruit). We settled onto a bench in the square and watched children playing in the fountain and boys showing off their bike tricks.,An evening concert in the courtyard of the Jesuit College brought out a blend of locals, from well-coifed women in pant suits to moms in shawls and voluminous skirts, toddlers on their laps. As day settled into evening, bats flew overhead and Grupo Gaban, five Morelia musicians in serapes, played festive music from throughout Mexico on violins, guitars, a clarinet and a harp.,Dinner, after, was at the market. Pools of light at food stalls lit up the darkness. A potato chip maker plunged whole, spiral-cut potatoes into hot oil and served them to us still warm and crunchy, with chile sauce and lime juice.,Nearby, at El Pollito Feliz (The Happy Little Chick) we squeezed onto benches next to students, and listened to the cozy hubbub of conversations over the roar of the gas-fired stove and the bubbling sounds of our dinner — a huge platter of fried chicken, served with a mountain of sautéed carrots and potatoes in a mild chile sauce.,Two bright-eyed little girls in braids and ruffly party dresses played hide-and-seek, families relaxed and chatted after a day’s work, and Eric and I sat among them, ruminating about the vividness of life here and feeling very much a part of this inviting, beautiful place.,If You Go,Pátzcuaro Tourist Guide,www.mexperience.com/guide/colonial/patzcuaro.htm,Mexico Tourism Board,www.visitmexico.com,La Mansión de Los Sueños,www.prismas.com.mx, ,This luxury expedition cruise takes guests to little-known destinations along the Ecuadorean coast, offering an authentic way to explore local communities.,It’s dark, but I stand outside on the deck, watching the twinkling lights of Manta fade in the distance as we set sail along the coast of Ecuador. This tiny mountainous country has more than 1,300 miles of coastline, and this week we plan to explore much of it.,My husband, Benjamin, and I are on a five-night cruise expedition on the Kontiki Wayra. While most cruises in Ecuador head to the Galapagos Islands, our itinerary will take us to nature preserves, rainforests and small coastal communities far off the beaten path.,Kontiki Expeditions,Kontiki Expeditions is among the first to bring visitors to this uncrowded coastal region of Ecuador. They are a new luxury yacht cruise line that has taken an innovative approach to cruising.,They term it “neo-luxury” and it means experiencing a destination in a deeper way. Yes, the Kontiki Wayra has all the touches of a luxury yacht but it also means seeing and experiencing places in an authentic way that goes beyond the normal tourist routes.  ,Onboard the Kontiki Wayra,The 128-foot Kontiki Wayra has the feel of a fine hotel. Kontiki Expeditions is the first Boutique Sea Expedition to become part of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World, a well-respected association of small independent luxury hotels.  ,The Kontiki Wayra reflects that designation. The ship is stylish with rich wood paneling, soft colors and contemporary furniture. My husband and I have a large cabin at the front of the ship with automated curtains that pull back to reveal a 160-degree view, a sizable bathroom with a roomy shower, a desk area and a big comfortable bed.,The Kontiki Wayra was designed to let passengers enjoy time in the sea. There is a three-deck water slide, a full floating deck that can be attached when we’re at anchor, complete with a netted pool. There are wetsuits and snorkeling gear available and sea toys to play with, from paddle boards to kayaks to Sea Bobs.,Looking at the luxurious Kontiki Wayra, you would never guess its humble beginnings. Ecuadorian Carlos Núñez found the ship abandoned in a local shipyard several years ago. He immediately saw its potential and considered restoring it for cruises to the Galapagos.,Then he got the idea of restoring it for expeditions along the Ecuadorian Coast. He wanted to showcase the region’s nature reserves, traditions, culture and gastronomy.,“The coast is the perfect mix of nature and culture,” he says. “Even Ecuadoreans don’t know how much the coast offers. It’s an untapped gem for tourism. There are no crowds; it’s affordable and authentic.”,The company began cruising in 2021, offering five-to-eight-night cruises.  The 18-passenger superyacht has almost a 1:1 staff ratio, and our every need is fulfilled – even before we think of it. We’re greeted with hot chocolate when we come in after swimming and the staff remembers the way I like my morning coffee.,Meals onboard are carefully prepared with fresh seafood and local ingredients. Many of the dishes are popular Ecuadorian favorites, highlighting the best of the region.,With such a small group of passengers, we get to know our fellow cruisers, which makes the experience even better. Ruhul Mescal – or Ruly as everyone calls him – is our onboard naturalist. He spent more than 30 years working as a naturalist in the Galapagos, which means he knows the country’s wildlife and regions well. Each evening, we gather in the main room to learn more from him about the communities and regions we’ll be visiting.,More to Ecuador than the Galapagos,“Ecuador is much more than the Galapagos Islands,” he says. “The mainland of this beautiful country has a lot to offer. You read about the Galapagos, the Amazon and the Andean Zone, which are wonderful, but you rarely read about the coast of Ecuador. To me, it’s a real pleasure to be a part of pioneering organized tourism at this level in such a beautiful place – the coast of Ecuador.”,“The communities we’re visiting along the coast are not touristy,” he continues. “You’ll still find little villages and people living the way their ancestors used to. There is a lot to experience. What I really like about this cruise is that we can introduce you to local Ecuadorians themselves. You get to experience our beautiful country in an authentic way.”,True to his word, we meet many fascinating people and communities along the journey.  ,Ancient Clay Pottery in Ayangue,The next morning, our group take rubber Zodiac boats to the small fishing village of Ayangue. On its quiet beach, we watch as local children play with their dog in the surf, while two young men sit in their fishing boat, repairing nets for the next day’s work.,We walk along the shore to the studios of the Orrala family. Their beautiful ceramic work is well known. The family has spent decades researching the ancient Valdivian people of the region, whose civilization dates to 3500 BCE. The Orrala family’s archeological digs have located many well-preserved pieces of ancient pottery.,Today, the family produces beautiful pottery following those pre-Colombian ceramic traditions. At their studio on the beach, we take an outdoor pottery class from them.,We start by filtering red mud until it’s a stick-free, lumpy consistency. Then they show us how to knead it into a lump of clay. Finally, we create our own bowls from dirt that was just minutes ago watery mud.

It’s relaxing working the clay, and we laugh as we get our hands dirty. They give each of us a tiny ceramic pendant that will grace my Christmas tree in December, and I purchase a beautiful bowl that I know I’ll use for years to come.,As we walk back along the beach, a bright orange sunset sweeps across the sky. It’s quiet and peaceful. I walk slowly in the waves, soaking in the scene. Out in the bay, the Kontiki bobs in the sea, waiting for our return.  ,Dinner onboard that night is a lovely affair, with each meal showing careful attention to detail. Our group laughs as we discuss fun memories of the day.,Shaman Blessing at Agua Blanca

We have another special experience the next day in Agua Blanca, a small indigenous community in the Machalilla Parish near Puerto López. The community takes pride in their ancestral heritage, and they have developed an eco-tourism infrastructure that benefits the whole community.,Visitors are welcome. There’s a small outdoor museum where we learn about the past, and then we walk through the forest, where we receive a blessing – a sort of purification ritual – from a local shaman.,He carefully explains the meaning of their peaceful ritual and then invites us to take part. We are each blessed with smoke and water, and then follow his lead as we stand to bless our brothers in the north, in the west, in the south and in the east.

At the end, he gives us each a hug. It’s an experience I’ll remember for years.  ,The next day we get to see one of the celebrities of Ecuador, the blue-footed boobies that are often seen in the Galapagos. The unusual birds are found here along the coast, too, at Machalilla National Park on Isla de la Plata. The island is well protected, and you can only visit with a certified guide.

As we hike along the dusty trails, our guide tells us about the wildlife on the island. Then near the top, we see them – the famous birds with blue webbed feet.,Many have young ones, often at different sizes. The birds lay two eggs at different times in the hopes that at least one survives. We also see booby birds with white, red and brown webbed feet.,The birds pay us no mind. They often build nests along the well-trodden trail and ignore those who quietly walk by.,Iche Manabita Cuisine School and Cacao Beans,Incredible as its wildlife is, there’s much more to see in Ecuador. The country is the birthplace of cacao, going back more than 5,000 years, and we learn about that the next day.,We take a short bus ride to Iche Manabita, a culinary school and out-of-this-world restaurant near San Vicente. The school has 12 very talented students who come for seven months to attend culinary classes led by head chef, Valentina Álvarez. They attend other classes too, including communications, history, archeology, and sustainable tourism.,While the students prepare our lunch, we meet Servio Pachard Vera, a local organic cacao farmer. His family’s plantation has preserved some of the oldest cacao trees in the world.,They grow the rare, heirloom Arriba Nacional cacao. For centuries, it has been prized by chocolatiers for its fragrant aroma and signature flavor profile. Many Swiss chocolate companies use cacao from this region.,Servio shows us several types of cacao varieties, and we get to taste their sweet ripe seeds. Cacao beans are technically not beans, but the fruit of the cacao tree. Each pod produces about 35-50 seeds surrounded in sweet pulp. Sure enough, we can taste the subtle difference in each variety.

After separating out the beans, he shows us how to roast them over a fire. We take turns stirring and then grinding the roasted beans. Then, he mixes the ground cacao with a small amount of sugar and pours tiny cups of hot cacao to drink. It’s like drinking a piece of dark chocolate. I’ll never view hot chocolate the same.,Finally, it’s time for lunch. The student chefs have created beautiful, delicious works of art that almost seem too good to eat. But of course, we do, enjoying every bite.,Hiking at Pacoche Wildlife Refuge,The next day, we head to the cloud forest at Pacoche Wildlife Refuge. Kontiki has provided all of us with rubber boots, so we can hike through small streams and the forest with ease. Our local naturalist guide shows us howler monkeys, lots of colorful birds and even a tarantula peacefully guarding her nest.  ,Master Hat Maker: Toquilla Straw Hats,Though I’ve heard about Panama hats, I learn here that they originated in Ecuador. This county has many fine hat makers, and we meet one of them — fifth-generation master weaver Domingo Carranza.,Carranza is a specialist in Ecuadorian toquilla straw hats, which are made entirely of palm fronds. Hats can take weeks or even months to make, depending on the weave.,He shows us how they are made, and we watch in awe as his hands fly across the weave. Having seen the work and artistry that goes into making them, my husband is happy to buy one to take home.

It will be another great memory of our time here in Ecuador.,If You Go,How to Get to Ecuador,Our international flight flew into Quito, which has a very nice airport. Kontiki had arranged a two-day pre-visit for us in Quito. We stayed at the ILLA Experience Hotel, a lovely boutique property near Quito’s historic center. Our suite was huge and had a gorgeous soaking tub, comfortable sitting area and an excellent breakfast each morning.,Sightseeing in Quito

In Quito, our knowledgeable tour guide from Link Experiences showed us the city, from historic basilicas to its different neighborhoods.,My favorite stops were the Khoura Chocolate Factory, the Middle of the Word Monument in La Mitad del Mundo, where you can stand in both hemispheres, and the Intiñan Museum, where you can see and try science experiments around natural phenomena, gravity and balance manifested in the equatorial zone. Case in point? I was able to balance an egg on the tip of a nail while standing on the equator.,Flying From Quito to Manta,From Quito, we took a 45-minute flight to the coastal town of Manta, which also has a brand-new airport. We met the Kontiki Wayra in Manta and started our cruise from there.,To learn more, visit Kontiki Expeditions,It only takes one person, one experience, to open the door to the joys of world travel.,This story reprinted with permission from
“Chance Encounters: Travel Tales from Around the World“,There are 32 pairs of teenage eyes on me, and I’m beginning to sweat. It’s “Career Day” here at Denver, Colorado’s Kennedy High School, and I’m speaking about my job as a journalist.,So far, my speech hasn’t gone too well. The young man in the back corner is asleep, and a girl in the front row is playing games on her cell phone. Most of the others have a glazed look in their eyes.,Desperate, I plunge on with my lecture, talking of assignments in Thailand, interviews in England and stories in Singapore.,But I may as well be speaking of the moon. For most of these students, the rest of the world is a far-off place. They have little exposure to it, and frankly, they’re not all that interested.,And who can blame them? I once felt just like they do.,After all, when you grow up in the middle of a big, powerful country, where exposure to other lands and ways of life are somewhat limited, it can lead you to believe that the rest of the world is just like the one in which you grew up. So what reason is there to explore new places? I had little interest in other countries and cultures.,Then I met Melanie.,We all have people who come into our lives who influence or change us somehow. For me, one of those people was a 20-year-old girl from a farm town in Iowa.,I was attending college in Indiana that year, and I met Melanie on the school’s softball team. In truth, we really didn’t play much, but sat out game after game with injuries. While our team sailed on to victories (without us, no doubt), Melanie and I sat on the bench and talked. We eventually became roommates.,Melanie was different from anyone I had ever known. She made me laugh with her witty sense of humor, but most of all, she was a storyteller. Her tales were different though, for she had actually been outside of the country. Melanie had spent a summer working with her church in Europe, and it was an experience she talked about daily.,Night after night, she weaved stories of places I had never imagined. She talked of dreamy Austrian villages and narrow, ancient streets. She told of tall, handsome Dutch boys and the thrill of cruising down the German autobahns.,At first, I feigned disinterest, but eventually, I began to listen, picturing this world that she painted with words. Eventually, like Chinese water torture, Melanie wore me down.,“Okay!” I said one evening after a long story again regaling the thrills of travel. “I give up! I want to see this for myself. Let’s go!”,And so we did.,Culture shock set in as soon as we stepped foot in Amsterdam on that week-long trip during semester break. Surrounded by the staccato sounds of Dutch, I felt like a fish out of water. I wanted to rush back into the plane and head for the familiarity of home.,But I was stuck here, so I followed Melanie through the streets of Rotterdam, where we went next. She laughed and talked with everyone she met, not afraid of the new things she saw. Slowly, I began to view this new world through her eyes. My discomfort turned to curiosity and then interest.,We spent New Year’s Eve in Rotterdam, and I watched in awe as the local residents poured into the streets that night, lighting monstrous fireworks, drinking warm drinks and greeting each other (and me!) with two-cheeked kisses.,Right then, even though I couldn’t understand a word being spoken around me, I smiled with glee. Mars had turned into heaven on earth.,From there, Melanie and I rented a little Peugeot and headed out through Europe. We fumbled our way through the countryside, getting lost, but always stopping to ask cute boys for directions. We ran into difficulties with the new languages and cultures, of course, but Melanie just laughed and considered it an adventure.,We drove through Holland and Germany, but it was Austria that broke down any resistance I had to accepting new cultures. The beauty of the Alps surrounding Salzburg took my breath away, and in the cozy cafés that are such an integral part of Austrian culture, I discovered a never-before-seen side of myself. I learned the quiet joy of sitting all afternoon around a tiny table, drinking dark coffee with whipped cream and discussing questions of life with new friends.,Perhaps that is why we are drawn to travel, for in leaving our homes and venturing into other parts of life, it reveals a side that we would never discover otherwise. In learning about others, we learn most about ourselves.,Vienna was the last straw for me. Wandering with Melanie and my new Austrian friends at midnight down the cobblestone streets of this former imperial city, I could barely contain my delight. Something, I knew, had awakened deep inside of me.,Nine months after that first trek to Europe, I packed up my college boxes and moved to Austria, where I attended university before eventually returning home to the States. My life had turned down a whole new path.,Sadly, that path didn’t include Melanie. She graduated and became a teacher. True to her love of adventure, she chose to work in a whole new city and culture — San Antonio, Texas.,My fascination with exploring other cultures and destinations never left me either. I went on to become a journalist, and then an editor with an international travel magazine.,For almost a decade, Melanie and I lost touch. Then one day, a colleague asked me the question: “Why did you choose this career path?”,In my mind, I immediately saw an image of Melanie, chatting over dinner at the college cafeteria, telling me stories of worlds I had never known. It was time to track down my long-lost friend.,That evening, I looked up Melanie’s parents on the Internet. They were still living on their farm in Iowa. My former roomie had gone on to become a principal, turning entire schools around with her passion for success and achievement. I grinned as I dialed her number. With some friends, lost years just slip away and you’re right back to your same relationship. That was how it was with Melanie. Within minutes, she had me laughing as we talked. Life was going well and my friend was very successful. “But I really miss having the chance to travel,” she admitted.,So we remedied that. Each year, we meet up somewhere in the world and spend a week exploring. Last year, it was the Scottish Isles; this year, it will be Ireland. Who knows where we’ll end up after that?,Melanie is the reason I am standing in front of this classroom today. So I stop my speech, take a deep breath and try another angle. Forget stories of journalism; there are better tales to tell.,So I begin to talk of Dutch celebrations, of dreamy Austrian villages and the thrill of cruising down the German autobahn. And in the back corner, I see something stir. The boy in the back has woken up, and I can’t help but grin.,After all, all it takes is one person to open your eyes to the world.,Listen to a radio interview with Janna and Melanie on Iowa Public Radio.,Author: Janna Graber is the managing editor of GoWorldTravel.com. She is the author of three travel anthologies: A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel, Adventures of a Lifetime and Chance Encounters: Travel Tales from Around the World. ,Let the quiet sound of water lapping against the planks of the floating bungalow floor sing you to sleep at this Thai eco-resort., ,They go to collect shellfish, clusters of women swaddled in sarongs. Placing plastic buckets atop their heads, they wade quietly into the mangrove swamp and head toward a muddy embankment, a treasure chest for hoi, a delicious local oyster exposed at low tide.Women with soft faces flash brilliant smiles as they sink their feet into the sludge.,The task of collection is a time of fun. The ladies joke and splash about, relaxing as the evening sky drops curtains of orange, mauve and violet into the water surrounding their shins.,Built with the help of donations from cosmetics giant L’Oréal, Baan Krachang is run by a community-led cooperative of Pak Triam village, a small  community just off the main road, that was completely destroyed by the 2004 tsunami.The scene unfolds on the way to Baan Krachang, a floating  bungalow resort in southwestern Thailand on the Andaman Sea.,Villagers have rebuilt their lives thanks to the construction and training involved with the resort’s operation. All the money made from the project goes  back to the community, helping supplement traditional incomes based on fishing and rubber tapping, and contributing to the economic reconstruction  of the region.,Rustic and simple, the eco-resort comprises 10 bamboo thatched bungalows. Each low-budget room comes with a mattress, mosquito net, a fan, a  cushioned chill-out area and its own hammock. At first it may appear a bit austere, but the warmth of the surroundings and the kindness of the local  hosts soon make it feel like home.,Cultivating that feeling of community is one of Baan Krachang’s biggest aspirations. The resort promotes “meaningful tourism,” one that embraces culture, encourages exchanges and supports the natural environment rather than the building of resorts and hotels. There are organized fishing and snorkeling trips, village tours, handicraft and Thai cooking workshops, among other activities.,“The goal is to make it so villagers can do community-based tourism on their own terms,” says Kelly May, director of Andaman Discoveries, a community-based tourism company that supports Baan Krachang toward achieving sustainable tourism.,Having heard from various travelers that Thailand lacked a certain authenticity, I decided to put Baan Krachang to the test and made reservations. After arriving in the Khura Buri district, a small outpost in the Phang Nga province only a few tourists pass en route to the renowned Surin Islands National Marine Park, I was picked up by a driver in a wooden boat and transported through the mangrove-lined canals that hide the resort sanctuary.,I was sleepy after my journey and decided to laze about in one of the hammocks suspended over the canal.A woman named Kii greeted me at Baan Krachang’s dock and explained that she would look after my needs. With warmth and strength that seemed impossible for her small frame she swept up my bags and showed me to my private bungalow.,I followed my nap with a swim and a refreshing bucket shower. A walk along the long, deserted beach capped the evening. One of the village fishermen joined me as I searched for shells in the sand, showing me the traditional methods he used to trap and catch squid. I eagerly accepted his invite on an evening fishing trip the following night, when the canopy of stars serve as the fishermen’s guiding light.,When I returned to Baan Krachang after sunset I found a feast — cooked vegetables, curries, spicy salads and fresh seafood. Tomorrow Kii would teach me to prepare these dishes myself, and I was enticed by the ability to replicate such culinary beauty.,Tonight Kii’s son had helped with the meal, and I invited them both to join me. Because the resort is run entirely by Pak Triam villagers trained in hospitality, visits like this are common, giving guests the chance to interact with many of the local families.,The next morning I awoke to the distant tut-tut of long-tailed fishing boats. The palm-thatched bungalows at Baan Krachang float slightly apart from the mangroves, and the wooden walkway that connects them stretches down the muddy banks. Soft, muted light kissed the walls of the complex, a solid structure set amid a fluid landscape.,A troupe of long-tailed macaques played among the mangrove roots and vibrant sea birds flitted among their branches. At Baan Krachang life rises with the sun, and the beauty of such unadulterated wilderness becomes awesome.,Despite its remoteness, the resort has access to a generator that provides light into the evening hours, and it boasts quaint decorative touches, such as lampshades made from traditional fish traps that add a touch of charm and culture.,My favorite activity was sitting on the open deck at night and watching the stars, or listening to the water lap against the planks of my bungalow floor, a lullaby better than any I could have asked for.,“The shellfish here are delicious,” Kii had said. But it wasn’t just the food that was delicious.Two days after arriving at Baan Krachang I passed the women fishers again as I departed. I took in their silhouettes, reflecting on my short but restful stay, and I began to admire the beauty of a nightly ritual that is awe-inspiring in its authenticity.,At Baan Krachang I had found a part of Thailand that wasn’t manufactured. I’d found a place where human interaction was honest and organic. And I couldn’t image anything tastier.,If You Go,Baan Krachang resort
www.baankrachang.com,Originally from Ohio, Sara Schonhardt went to Thailand three years ago to embark on a career in political journalism. A former associate editor for Artasia Press in Bangkok, Sara now devotes her time to traveling around the region and documenting her experiences.,The art of woodcarving is kept alive by the elders on the remote Micronesian island of Yap. Here is how the community honors the tradition.,Once upon a time, the remote Micronesian island of Yap in the western Pacific Ocean had some of the finest woodcarvers in the world. Today, the art is being passed on by a handful of elders who still have the skill and knowledge. ,But it’s feared that woodcarving is a dying art like so many others. ,One of four states in the Federated States of Micronesia, the four large islands, seven small islands and 134 atolls that make up Yap are scattered across 100,000 square miles of the open ocean. Only 18 of them are inhabited by a total population of approximately 11,000. ,Today, Yap is considered one of the most intact cultures in the Pacific region. Wood carving provides a link in this place where culture and tradition are so important that Yap’s two traditional councils are written into the constitution as the fourth branch of government.,One of the most important meeting places for men in every community is the canoe house. This traditional structure made of wood, bamboo, dried palm fronds and coconut fiber rope is where boys as young as four or five begin to learn how to carve the single-outrigger canoes that have been used for centuries to ply the waters surrounding the far-flung islands.,They start with small pieces of wood, making birds and fish and other figures of nature for use as jewelry or for display on a wall or shelf. Working alongside the older boys who have progressed to more detailed projects, they watch and listen silently as the men carve the traditional sea-going vessels. ,An adz is used to sculpt the wood. In days gone by, the handle of the adz was made of wood and the blade of sharpened clamshells or the giant clamshells that live in the waters surrounding the island. Today, the cutting edge is more commonly made of steel, but the handle is still often carved and smoothed by hand. The blades are sharpened with pieces of pumice.,Crafted in different sizes, the smaller adzes are used for cutting and carving handicrafts and personal and household items, while the larger ones are used for cutting trees and making sailing canoes. Beach mahogany, the hardest wood in the islands, and the breadfruit tree are the preferred woods.,In earlier days, the trees were carefully dug from the ground, rather than cut, to prevent fissures and ensure the strength of the wood. Today, trees that have fallen naturally are used more often to safeguard forest preservation and sustainability.  ,Master carver Michael Finey (@Arts-Of-Micronesia) uses scraps of wood or driftwood to help preserve the larger trees that are endangered on many of the islands throughout the Pacific. Finey is one of the few remaining Yapese woodcarvers. Now living in Saipan, he has won many awards for his work and made it his mission to keep the art alive through lecturing and teaching around the world.,It takes many years to become a master carver. One exquisite example of the art can be seen in the departure area at Yap International Airport. Created by the revered Yapese master carver, the late John Paul, the large, arcing, four-panel storyboard tells the story of the navigators who, more than 600 years ago, began sailing to the island of Palau 250 miles south of Yap.,It was there that they discovered and began mining the aragonite stone that was carved into the heavy discs that are still in use today as one of the world’s most unique forms of currency aptly called “stone money.” The same basic principles of carving wood were used to form the donut-shaped wheels up to 12 feet in diameter that can be seen throughout Yap’s main island today. ,The storyboard relates the tale of the men who began the treacherous journey across the open, shark-infested ocean, beginning with carving the canoes and embarking on the journey, to quarrying and carving the stone and finally towing the discs back to Yap on bamboo rafts tied to the backs of the canoes.,One panel shows lightning striking one of the canoes and a raging storm with men being tossed overboard. Many lost their lives. The value of stone money is not in its size but in the voyages and the perils along the way. ,The final panel of the storyboard tells of the sailors’ triumphant return, welcomed by those they left behind, sometimes for months or even years, with the loud blow of the conch shell to announce their return. Two men tell the chief about their journey and a widow and child stand nearby being consoled by a fellow villager after hearing of the drowning of the woman’s husband during the voyage. ,Find more information on the island of Yap here: https://www.visityap.com/getting-here/,Author’s Bio: Joyce McClure is a freelance writer and photographer who moved to the remote island of Yap in the western Pacific Ocean in August 2016 as a Peace Corps Response Volunteer after a long career in public relations. At the end of her service, she decided to remain in Yap to continue writing and working with community organizations.,Tunisia is a vibrant country on the Mediterranean Sea. Don’t miss seeing Tunis, the ancient roman amphitheater, Sidi Bou Saaid and more when you visit.,While Westerners love wandering around Morocco and Instagram the Arab charm, few know where to find Tunisia on the map. Nestled between Algeria to the west and Libya to the east, Tunisia is the northernmost tip of Africa.,Eighty percent of its border meets the sparkling Mediterranean Sea, and the sand, sea and mountains create a beautiful landscape.,Tunisia was once booming with tourists, but after terrorist attacks in recent years, the tourist industry has slowed down. However, the country has become safe once again and an exciting place to visit.,Inland, you’ll find the bustling capital Tunis, with the stunning blue and white city, Sidi Bou Saaid, nearby. Drink mint tea with pine nuts and try a local favorite, bambaloni, a fried, sugar-rolled doughnut. Phoenician and Roman ruins reveal centuries of history, and the museums are well worth exploring.,Consider visiting the immaculate American military cemetery to pay respects to brave soldiers who gave their lives in the North African Theater during WWII.,Down the coast in El Jem, you’ll find an ancient Roman amphitheater, smaller but more intact than the Coliseum in Rome. You can climb to the top of its ramparts down to the tunnels underneath the stadium floor where slaves and animals were kept for games.,Ride a camel around the stadium for a small fee, then step across the street to try fresh, flavorful grilled meat kabobs.,Sousse is known for its opulent hotels and beautiful beaches, as well as several museums. Some choose to enjoy the sunshine, sand and the sea relaxing on the beach, while others take to the sky and water, hang-gliding and snorkeling to their heart’s content.,Visit a seaside Salon de The (tea and coffee house) to enjoy a hot or cold drink while overlooking the beautiful Mediterranean Sea.,In Sfax, the second-largest city, you’ll find the world’s only medina (old city) completely enclosed by walls. Unlike many other medinas that cater to tourists only, locals still shop and sell here on a daily basis. Travel back in time and get lost in the narrow, winding passageways while you shop and discover.,Don’t forget to stop by the Ciao Ciao Patisserie for the best chocolate or almond croissants in the world, or one of many sweet shops to enjoy a scoop of creamy, opulent gelato. ,Deep in the south, visit Douz and its date plantations. Then ride camels or 4-wheelers  into the Sahara Desert. Spend a night camping in rug-covered tents, eating couscous cooked over a campfire, bread cooked in coals, and drink sweet, strong mint tea as you look at the stars.,Star Wars fans can visit sites where portions of “A New Hope” and “Phantom Menace” were filmed. Tunisia is the home to the real Tatooine, a village in the deep southern part of the country. Buy a burnoose, a traditional hooded robe that inspired Jedi robes, to truly become one with the Force.,If you love to travel in the desert, then you’ll love this article: OASES IN THE DESERT: DUBAI AND ABU DHABI,The greatest gift of Tunisia lies in its people. Their warm, welcoming culture of hospitality and kindness is a completely new experience coming from the West. Don’t hesitate to get to know your guides and hosts. Your vacation will be richer for it.,Tunisians speak Tunisian Arabic;  French is their second language. You’ll be surprised by how many speak English, but don’t hesitate to learn some Arabic greetings. Say hello with “Salam ali kom” or “Aslema”, and thank your wonderful hosts with “shukrun” or “aishek” (eye-shek).,Tunisian cuisine is delicious and varied. It is unique in the region due to the inclusion of harissa, a spicy red pepper paste, into many of its dishes. However, don’t let that scare you. Just ask for “moosh har” (not spicy).,Due to being a French colony until 1956, there is a heavy French influence, and you can find fresh baguettes, chocolate croissants, and more at patisseries and bakeries. Fresh seafood, couscous, fresh bread and much more will satisfy your palate and appetite.,Tunisia is a Muslim country, so you won’t find pork products or alcohol, except in hotels that cater to tourists. Be aware of religious holidays and plan accordingly. Depending on where you are, shops and museums may not open for three-seven days during a holiday.,The currency is the Tunisian dinar and is currently worth almost three dinar to one U.S. dollar. This enables you to vacation without breaking the bank.,April through June and October and November are ideal times to visit Tunisia, with mild evening temperatures and pleasantly warm days. Summers are very hot (average temperatures above 90 degrees F) and winters are cool (average temperatures 45 to 60 degrees F) made especially colder because dwellings are mostly cement and have little heating.,Once you fly into the Tunis Carthage International Airport, you can  get around without renting a car. Flag down a yellow taxi and you can get across town for the equivalent of $1.75. Vans that travel between cities are called luage. There is a metro in Tunis, and a train connects the coastal cities.,Visiting Tunisia is a chance to slow down. While Western influence is creeping in, Arab culture is highly relational and communal. Set aside your watch and relax into the daily rhythms. Isn’t that what vacation is truly about?,Don’t miss this interesting article: ROAD TRIP THROUGH TUNISIA: ANCIENT LAND,Check out STG Tourism (http://stgtraveltunisia.com) to plan the trip of a lifetime.,Consider staying at Hotel Ibis Tunis for a comfortable, hospitable experience.,Author Bio: Kristi Powell is a Kentucky-based writer who’s been traveling internationally since 2007. Her love for culture, language, food and adventure culminated in living abroad for two years. She loves planning trips, finding the cheapest flights and dreaming of gelato.,Great article! Tunisia is one of my favorite destinations. The people are amazing, and this author has done a great job of summarizing the varieties available in Tunisia! The pictures are awesome!,The Ribeira Sacra in Galicia is full of natural beauty where you can taste delicious wine, visit old monasteries and visit the Sil Canyons.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Perched on the banks of the Miño river is one of the most magical places in Galicia. This place is the Ribeira Sacra. It is the perfect destination for travelers in search of tranquility and authenticity. Furthermore, it is a journey for the senses amid vineyards, monasteries and breathtaking viewpoints.,But the undisputed stars of the Ribeira Sacra landscape are the Sil canyons. There are few places more hidden than these natural deep canyons created along the banks of the river Sil. Additionally, for 35 kilometers their numerous curves mark the limits between the provinces of Lugo and Ourense.,For centuries, this peaceful place has been sheltered by a unique atmosphere. Today, its deep waters can be crossed on catamarans offering views of the sloping landscape and vineyards. Endless natural viewpoints hang over the river displaying the shapes created by the Sil.,Furthermore, you will find the largest concentration of Romanesque-style religious buildings in Europe. On these steep slopes, monks and hermits found the best place for a puritanical life in Spain during the early days of Christianity.,Over time, their simple settlements grew into convents and monasteries. A total of 85 monasteries have been documented in an area of just 165 square meters.,In the Ribeira Sacra spirituality is in the air. It’s the perfect place to disconnect from the noise, enchant the retinas and satisfy the palate. However, these lands boast much more than architectural heritage.,The Ribeira Sacra is also known for its wine. This area has its own microclimate. It is milder than the continental-Atlantic climate that characterizes inland Galicia. These conditions favor local viticulture and other crops.,Grapes of the Ribeira Sacra D.O. are grown on its steep slopes. The landscape is marked by the well-known “socalcos”. These vineyards are located on mountain slopes that defy the verticality of the territory.,Therefore, harvesting can become a risky sport in which the harvesters sometimes use harnesses to work the land.,Some may consider it a crime to set foot on this land and not taste its delicious wines. These wines are part of one of the 5 wine designations of origin that have existed in Galicia since 1997.,Several wineries in the area offer visits and tastings where you can try the wine while enjoying unbeatable views.,This monastery, built between the 12th and 18th centuries, is one of the most spectacular complexes in Galicia. In the heart of the Ribeira Sacra, it displays one of the best Galician Romanesque facades. An important example of Galician medieval art is the beautiful rose window of Santo Estevo.,The monastery was once so famous that nine bishops resigned their episcopal seats and chose this temple as a place of retreat. ,During the 18th century, it was abandoned, bringing this prosperous place to ruin. However, in 2004 it was restored and became part of the Red de Paradores de Turismo de España. Although it is currently used as a hotel and restaurant there is no charge to enter its cloister and church.,This historic monastery, belonging to the Benedictine order, is surrounded by the nature of the Ribeira Sacra. It has two buildings, church and cloister, belonging entirely to the Romanesque and Renaissance style respectively.,It was one of the most important monasteries of the Ribeira Sacra during the Middle Ages. Today it is a charming place that captivates every traveler who enters its doors.,This natural viewpoint is the perfect place to observe the great meander of the river Sil. In addition, it’s impressive to see how its steep slopes rise up 600 meters.,Park your car at the entrance to the small village of Vilouxe. From there walk about 800 meters through an almost abandoned village to the viewpoint.,It is one of the most impressive viewpoints in the area. Here you can see the Sil zigzag like a blue ray between the cliffs. Be warned that there is no platform. Visitors simply approach the cliff to observe the wonderful views. A fear of heights is sure to make this a challenge.,This viewpoint is located very close to the center of Parada de Sil. This is a good place to stop for lunch as it has many restaurants.,Arguably the best-known viewpoint of the Ribeira Sacra, although not necessarily the most beautiful. It is built on huge stone structures where wooden railings separate visitors from the abyss.,In the past, women used to come to this place to say goodbye to their emigrant husbands. Many were artisans and sold their products at the festivals that were celebrated in Madrid. Hence its name.,The town of Castro Caldelas is in the heart of the Ribeira Sacra. It sits on a hill overlooking the banks of the small river Edo. Along its ascending streets are beautiful white galleries and emblazoned houses that reflect its medieval past.,To enter the old town you must cross the Plaza del Prado. Here you can taste the delicious bicas. This is a typical Galician dessert made with traditional ingredients resulting in something similar to sponge cake.,The iconic fortress dominates from the top of the old town. Climbing its walls you can see the whole town and its surroundings.,The best way to finish a route through the Ribeira Sacra is by visiting Monforte de Lemos. It is very close to the city of Ourense reached by endless curvy roads running through the canyons.,This city is the capital of the Ribeira Sacra and houses important monuments and museums. The arrival of the railroad made it the most important railway hub in Galicia. Furthermore, its medieval old town has Jewish influence with charming corners worth discovering.,The Old Bridge crosses the river Cabe and leads to the convent of Santa Clara. Inside is a museum of sacred art. On the banks of this river is also the Colegio de Nuestra Señora la Antigua, known as the Galician Escorial.,At the top of the Monte de San Vicente stands the castle of the city. It was formerly surrounded by a walled enclosure with defensive towers.,Finally, this unique place invites travelers to walk through lush forests, immerse themselves in the spirituality of the place, visit centuries-old monasteries and taste local wines.,The best way to explore this area is by driving the roads that wind along the riverbank. In spring and autumn, the endless vineyards are at their best. The landscape is tinged with beautiful colors.,Start planning your picturesque vacation to Riberia Sacra Galicia today. Get prepared for your trip with insider tips on the best shops, hotel and VRBO options, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For more adventures in Spain, book some expert-led tours, unique activities and skip-the-line tickets to big attractions through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,More helpful links:,Author Bio: Based in France, Lucia Otero Medraño is Spanish with a master’s degree in travel journalism. She has worked in the tourism sector but her true passion is to live enriching experiences and discover amazing places around the world and write about them. In her spare time, she likes to enjoy her second passion, music.,With its unique hot springs, cuisine, nature and activities, visitors find health and rejuvenation in Kagoshima, Japan.,With shared lifestyle practices that include eating a balanced diet, drinking green tea, soaking daily in the tub and keeping active, it’s not surprising that Japanese people’s life expectancy is the longest in the world. The chance to partake in these healthy habits, albeit for a short period, is one reason Japan is increasingly the wellness holiday of choice for global travelers.,The land of the rising sun also boasts myriad ways to support visitors’ physical and mental health, from shinrin-ryoku forest bathing (said to boost the immune system) to crafts like Japanese calligraphy and pottery (believed to reduce stress) to trying new, fun experiences, which are proven to improve mood and exercise the mind.,A trip to Kagoshima prefecture on the southern tip of Kyushu offers all these things and more, whilst also being away from the tourist throngs typical of the well-trodden destinations of Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka and Hiroshima.,Kagoshima has a warm climate, with an average annual temperature of 19˚C, as well as a diverse geographical area that stretches some 600 kilometres to Okinawa and comprises more than 25 inhabited islands. What’s more, there is plenty to do, the atmosphere is laidback and the people are welcoming, making it an ideal location to improve your general well-being.,With a huge coastline, expansive natural landscape and fertile volcanic soils, Kagoshima is one of Japan’s agricultural and fishing heartlands.,The southern port town of Makurazaki has been the country’s top producer of katsuobushi bonito flakes for the past 20 years. Manufacturers here cut, boil, debone, smoke and age each fish in a painstaking process that takes more than six months.,The result is a product that not only is delicious but also contains every essential amino acid required by the body. It’s practically a superfood! In Kagoshima, katsuobushi is enjoyed as an ingredient in miso soup or heaped on favorites like okonomiyaki.,Kagoshima also produces more satsuma-imo sweet potato that any other prefecture. Packed with fibre, vitamins, minerals and anti-oxidants, this root vegetable is beloved by local people and can be found in many colourful varieties. It’s delicious as a side in meals and can be found in many cakes and traditional sweets.,And nutritionally balanced cuisine is not all that results from the prefecture’s lush fields; you can enjoy drinks that are good for health, too. ,Two hundred years of local know-how has been poured into the development of kurozu black vinegar, an elixir proven to fight fatigue, burn fat, aid detox and reduce cancer risk. Fermentation in ceramic jars lined row upon row on the gentle slopes facing the Kinko Bay coast is the secret behind the healthy liquid, which is made using only thee ingredients: rice koji (Aspergillus oryzae), water and steamed unpolished rice.,Try kurozu diluted with water as a refresher or use it when cooking to bring out the flavour of your dishes. A batch matured for one year is mild in flavour and amber in colour while a five-year brew has a mellower bite and smokier look. If you’re not sure which kind to choose, visit Kurozu no Sato Kakuida where you can sample the various types straight from the jar under the expertise of a maker and indulge in a lunch course showcasing kurozu.,And why not try the famous green tea? Kagoshima’s southern city of Minami-kyushu has more than 350 years’ experience of making the popular beverage, which is hailed globally for its wide-ranging health benefits. It produces more green tea than any other city in Japan, with a 3,500-hectare tea plantation, 725 tea producers and 110 tea factories.,Explore the area to gaze on the verdant tea fields or to check out some samples at the plantations, tea rooms and shops. The popular Chiran tea brand is renowned for its powerful umami, light astringency and sweetness.,With a volcanic belt running its length, Kagoshima prefecture has thousands of onsen hot springs, each offering the visitor a slightly different experience.,One of the most unique hot springs is the Ibusuki sand bath, where you don a cotton kimono and be buried in geothermally heated sand while looking out over the ocean. As well as being a stress reducer, the 50˚C experience aids circulation, removes impurities from the body and improves complexion—all during a mere 10 minutes under the surface.,At just four minutes by bus from Ibusuki Station, Sand Bath Hall Saraku is the closest sand bath by public transport. Yamakawa Hot Sand Bath Sayuri is a 25-minute ride followed by a 10-minute walk, but it affords stunning views of Kaimon-dake, the local mountain known as Satsuma Fuji due to its physical likeness to Japan’s most famous peak.,For stunning views of one prefectural icon, the active volcano Mount Sakurajima, ease yourself into the outdoor hot spring at Shiroyama Hotel in Kagoshima city. Located some 100 metres above sea level, the bath offers an unparalleled view of the peak’s green foothills and craggy top. There’s perhaps no more tranquil an experience than floating in the deep warm water, surrounded by beautiful foliage and looking out onto great scenery. And, if you’re lucky, you might even see smoke and ash billowing from the volcano.,By ferry, Sakurajima is a mere four kilometres, or 15 minutes’ voyage, from Kagoshima city. It’s a rare example of the coexistence of an active volcano and a metropolitan area of about 600,000 people.,The Yogan Nagisa Park Foot Spa, just 10 minutes’ walk from the ferry terminal, should be your first stop on arrival. Enjoy breathtaking vistas of this unique local attraction while refreshing your feet and lower legs.,Further south, Chiran’s preserved samurai district is another place to take things slow. Stroll the 700-metre-long street lined with traditional stone walls and visit the beautiful gardens, which date from the 19th century. The area is a designated national scenic spot and is devoid of any modern trappings, making you feel as if you are truly walking the same paths as the samurai once did.,Visitors to Japan today can find shochu in virtually any bar as it is beloved throughout the country. The distilled liquor is typically made from sweet potato and has been growing increasingly popular since 2009, when it was designated a koku-shu, or representative alcohol of Japan, along with nihonshu and awamori.,Kagoshima is the official birthplace of shochu, according to the World Trade Organization. The technique for making the spirit is believed to have arrived in Japan via Kagoshima in the mid-19th century, which has been corroborated by Japan’s oldest known reference to shochu.,Interestingly, it was found in graffiti. Two carpenters working on the roof of Koriyama Shrine in Kagoshima’s northern city of Isa in 1559 carved on one plank of wood: “The high priest was so stingy, he never once gave us shochu to drink.”,Today, the lifeblood of shochu production is still in the prefecture. Barrel Valley Praha & Gen, near the airport, produces aspergillus kawachii (white koji mould), the vital ingredient for making shochu, for more than 80% of shochu distilleries in Japan.,Kagoshima prefecture alone boasts more than 100 of these distilleries, which sell 2,000 varieties of shochu.,Two distilleries that lead in the production of honkaku (single-distilled) shochu are Ichiki-kushikino-based Hamada Syuzou and Makurazaki-based Satsuma Shuzo. Their brands are among those labelled Satsuma Shochu, a geographical indication showing a product’s source and unique local production method, like Prosciutto di Parma ham and Parmigiano Reggiano cheese.,The designation signals that all the sweet potatoes and water used in production are sourced from Kagoshima and that the shochu is distilled in a pot still and bottled in Kagoshima, too.,With a spicy fragrance and notes of caramel, vanilla and apples, Satsuma Shuzo’s Sakura Shiranami shochu is great mixed with soda water and accompanied by sushi and fresh tomato. Daiyame shochu from Hamada Syuzou, meanwhile, is best drunk chilled and straight or in a highball. It has a bouquet and taste of lychee, and can be paired with a wide range of dishes, from fried chicken to chocolate.,Whatever your mixer and pairing of choice, savoring some shochu either in a friendly izakaya bar or at one of the distilleries is another way to unwind. And, at only 35 calories per two-ounce serving, with zero carbohydrates, shochu is a guilt-free indulgence. Honkaku shochu is even rich in urokinase, a thrombolytic enzyme that aids blood circulation much like polyphenol does in red wine. With such health benefits, shochu is a great tipple to enjoy on your wellness holiday.,From Tokyo’s Haneda and Narita airports, Kagoshima can be reached in just under two hours. From Osaka, it is a 75-minute flight. Three cities (Izumi, Satsumasendai and Kagoshima) are served by the Shinkansen bullet train. Kagoshima city (the Shinkansen’s terminus) is three hours and 20 minutes from Hiroshima or two hours and 15 minutes from Fukuoka’s Hakata Station.,To plan your visit, read more information on travel in Kagoshima. 

Lead photo by KPVB,Hidden 28 years in the jungles of Guam, the myth of Sergeant Shoichi Yokoi becomes reality.,There are stories that we hear that sound too bizarre to be true. More often than not, we put them down as nothing more than urban myths.,However, one of the joys of travel is the unexpected discovery that some of these tall tales are true. I made such a find on a recent trip to the island of Guam.,This resort island, designated a US territory, is approximately 1,550 miles (2,494 km) south of Japan. Bordered by the Philippine Ocean to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the east, Guam is a popular holiday destination for overworked Japanese.,Here, tourists can enjoy pristine beaches, clear blue waters abundant with tropical fish and US-style shopping and dining only a few short hours by plane from Tokyo.,Those versed in military history will know Guam as the staging point for the US forces victory in the Pacific after successfully invading and recapturing the island from the Japanese in 1944.,The US military have remained on Guam until the present day, with Anderson Air Force Base situated in the north and a Naval Station in the southwest of the island.,The presence of these military installations may help explain the proficiency of American-style restaurants like Hard Rock Café, Planet Hollywood, TGI Fridays and department stores on an island that is only 30 miles (48 km) in length.,But away from the beachfront hotels, the designer outlets and the steakhouses, a strange but unique story of World War II is retold.,In the south of the island, amongst the lush jungle interior, the Ugum River gently cascades over a series of waterfalls, known as the Talofofo Falls.,The falls make for a picturesque location to enjoy the lush beauty of the Guam landscape. But the real interest of the area lies at the end of walking trail 10 minutes from the base of the falls.,Here, the heroic yet tragic tale of Shoichi Yokoi, a World War II Japanese soldier is recorded and remembered by a simple plaque and Buddhist shrine.,As the US forces invaded and steadily reclaimed Guam in 1944, Japanese forces retreated to the cover of the island’s jungle terrain.,Three soldiers, including Shoichi Yokoi, took refuge in the jungle surrounding the falls, constructing a simple and cramped cave in which to hide from the invading forces.,The tragedy of this tale is that the Japanese soldiers’ resourcefulness and ability to stay hidden meant their presence went undetected by the US forces.,Their self-imposed isolation in the Guam jungle ensured that the surrender and eventual conclusion of World War II went unnoticed by this intrepid trio.,Yokoi’s two comrades, Jiji and Nakahada, eventually died of food poisoning during their jungle hiding. However, Yokoi amazingly survived 28 years in his cave before being discovered by local farmers in 1972.,The actual cave built by Yokoiand his fellow soldiers has since collapsed. Its original location is obliterated from view by the lush jungle growth.,In its place a replica cave has been created, nothing more than a hole in the ground, nestled beside the shrine and memorials to the three soldiers.,It is interesting to watch visiting Japanese tourists pay their respects at this memorial to their Japanese hero.,He is admired for his ingenuity and resourcefulness to survive for nearly three decades, invisible to the outside world.,It is hard to stand at this site and not dwell on the irony of this story, for although Yokoi did eventually return to Japan, the loss of half a lifetime to this futile and unnecessary feat is the ultimate tragedy.,This important phase of Guam’s history is remembered in other points along the island’s coast. On the east coast, a short drive from the resort area of Tumon Bay in Agat Bay is Ga’an Point.,Here, the Guam, American and Japanese flags fly side by side overlooking a mounted WWII Japanese artillery gun, one of the few preserved after the recapture of the island in 1944.,Farther north along Highway 1 at Asan Beach is the “War in the Pacific National Park.”,Here, descriptive plaques detail the landing by the US forces and show photos of what this now tranquil and peaceful beach looked like only hours after the Americans landed.,To learn more about the story of Sergeant Shoichi Yokoi and his 28 years hidden in the Guam jungle, you can visit the Guam Museum in Hagatna where the tools and implements he fashioned to aid his survival are on display.,Guam Visitors Bureau,www.visitguam.org, ,Bartering for trinkets takes on a new twist amid the colorful sights and smells of medieval Fez.,I barely escape being run over by ducking into the nearest doorway, as donkeys carrying heavy loads crowd into the long, narrow corridor.,With shouts of “Balak! Balak!” (look out!) announcing the animals’ arrival, vendors, residents, tourists and children step out of the way as livestock spill into the dark passages within this mysterious labyrinth.,As soon as the donkeys pass, the swarm of humanity closes in again, everyone carrying on with their daily lives.,The world within the ancient walls of Fez, Morocco, offers myriad sights and sounds for those who enter.,No description can serve justice to the deluge of shouts of bartering and swirls of vibrant colors here, an almost unconceivable panorama that has barely changed in the past thousand years.,Fez, founded in the 9th century and home to the oldest university in the world, is one of the best-preserved medieval cities of the Arab-Islamic world, and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,While still learning to manipulate the uneven cobblestones underfoot, I slowly regain my composure and begin to explore the souk’s passages with trinkets of all shapes and sizes.,Fresh fish and meats, leather goods, vegetables and fruits, earth-toned spices, caged pigeons, and copper pots and pans are all intermingled within this city of goods.,The Hand of Fatima, a sacred design that offers safety and a watchful eye over people, is artfully crafted into silver key chains, earrings and pendants.,Perhaps it’s a good idea to buy something to better ensure my imminent safety.,An elderly man sits in the corner of one copper kitchenware shop, sharing his craftsman techniques with a young boy.,Perhaps it’s his grandson being trained to carry on the family business into the next generation. How many generations have come before him?,Beggars kneel with outstretched hands while sharply dressed businessmen in hooded burnooses respectfully walk around them to congregate at community water wells.,Women walk, eyes lowered to the ground, beautifully adorned in their colorful djellabas, shopping for the daily produce.,Cats, obviously unintimidated by this cacophony, stare up at the fish counters, hoping for a scrap or two for a midday meal.,Cumin, ginger, fava beans and paprika are colorfully displayed in small stands lining bustling passages, alongside olives, nuts, mint and saffron.,While skilled artisans form copper cooking pots over open fires, the mouth-watering aroma of freshly baked herb bread wafts in the air. I suddenly realize that I’m famished.,A merchant hands our guide several rounds of bread while they chat. The fresh, warm bread tastes of delicate herbs and spices, like everything I’ve tasted here in Morocco.,Another round is passed and our group moves on through this mesmerizing dream.,Our guide confidently leads his flock, like lost sheep, herded in a single-file line. He warns us repeatedly that if lost, it will take days to be located.,He doesn’t appear to be a friendly man, and he seems somewhat pompous, but here today, we must trust him.,A steep, narrow stairway leads to a shop filled with colorful leather goods. I purchase a pair of leather babouches (slipper-like shoes) in bright saffron, a color I will forever associate with Morocco.,We are guided up a staircase onto a terrace several stories about the street, where skilled tanners are crouching and balancing over enormous vats filled with dyes in shades of bright saffron, poppy, indigo and black.,This area is where some of Morocco’s magnificent, world-renowned leather goods are colorfully adorned.,A fellow traveler, eager to visit the leather merchandise one story higher, vanishes, escaping the guide’s watchful eye.,Suddenly aware of her absence, he quickly dashes after her. Scolding her on the way down to the busy streets below, he again reminds us all of the danger lurking within these walls.,The guides’ harsh words have fallen deaf on the ears of those of us with the greatest curiosity.,As we proceed down the guide’s chosen path, I evasively move to the back of the line, walking a bit slower, to peer into the many intriguing doorways.,As I catch brief glimpses of ornately tiled courtyards, I long to wander through one of the stylishly decorated residences.,Gated residences, mosques and palaces here are private, with courtyards open to the heavens. Filled with fountains and trees, they serve as reminders of nature and of Allah’s bountiful blessings.,Allah’s blessings are recounted daily at the nearby venerable Kairouyine Mosque, one of the oldest and largest mosques in Africa, situated at the heart of the medina.,The spectacularly ornamented building was erected in 810. The associated university was founded in 859.,As we are herded around another corner and up a little hill, we encounter a berber rug shop, filled with colorful designs. We are seated and sugary sweet mint tea is served while a rug purchasing “show” begins.,Several individuals are suddenly selected from the group and led to a room far above, to be shown more samples.,As quickly as I’m herded upstairs, I sneak back down; I’m not buying their selling schemes. While several in the group purchase rugs, I again venture outside.,Bright silk fabrics flap in the breeze, a henna artist paints designs on a young woman’s feet, and a small cafe serves harira soup (made of beans, lentils and cilantro) and lamb in beautifully crafted blue-and-green earthenware bowls.,I had admired this colorful, extraordinarily crafted pottery earlier in roadside stands throughout Morocco.,At the end of our tour, we pass through a gate, suddenly leaving behind the sights and smells of the souk.,After I thank our guide with the traditional greeting “chakran!” and press a fewdurhams into his hand, my mind continues to wander within those walls for the remainder of the afternoon.,As I glance one last time over my shoulder at the old city walls, I notice, for the first time, an abundance of television antennas on many rooftops.,Many thousands of people live within these walls, with no extra room to breathe and no additional housing available. What to me has been an exotic visit is merely everyday life to its inhabitants.,While some in our group are thankful to see this highly sensory experience end, others are ready to reenter and spend a few extra hours reliving everything we have witnessed.,As for me, I can’t help feeling as though I’ve been inducted into a secret society.,Morocco Travel Guide,www.morocco.com, ,California has it all, from natural wonders to world-famous cities and beloved attractions. Here’s our guide on what to do in California.,California is one of the top destinations in the United States. This large American state, located on the West Coast and in the Pacific Region of the US, is diverse in geography, experiences and culture. You’ll find lush vineyards, ancient forests, golden sand beaches and rugged mountains — all in one state. ,One of the most popular road trips in California is Highway 1, also known as the Pacific Coast Highway. It winds along the coast past small beach towns, national parks, vineyards and much more. ,California also boasts some of the most famous cities, state parks and sights in the United States, including Hollywood, Disneyland, San Diego, Los Angeles and San Francisco, to name a few. With so many attractions and cities to visit, it’s hard to know where to start, so we’ve created a guide of the top 10 things to do in California. ,Let’s chat again about Highway 1. This spectacular 90-mile drive along the Pacific Coast Highway is considered one of the most breathtaking road trips you will ever take. Big Sur’s statuesque redwood trees and sequoias provide some of the cleanest air you have ever breathed, and the Pacific Ocean creates a soft fog that floats across California’s bluffs and sky.,Along the way, there are plenty of spots to take in and take photos of California’s wildlife including condors, whales, seals and sea otters.,One such spot made famous by movies and television shows such as “Big Little Lies” is the Bixby Bridge. Completed in 1932, the graceful architecture brings throngs of visitors to view its beauty each year.,Since this drive stretches from Carmel-by-the-Sea and Hearst Castle, both are worth a stop. Carmel’s charming downtown is full of restaurants, high-end shops and a pristine dog-friendly beach.,Located in Central California in San Simeon, Hearst Castle is a National Historic Landmark and a national treasure for good reason. This magnificent mansion was built for newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst between 1919 and 1947. While Hearst nicknamed his castle “the ranch” this sprawling estate is anything but a ranch-style home and is worth the time to tour its expansive grounds. ,Perhaps one of the most famous major cities in the United States and in the Golden State is San Francisco. No visit to San Francisco would be complete without a drive across the Golden Gate Bridge for a view of San Francisco Bay and the most famous prison in the world—Alcatraz. San Francisco also boasts some of the best dining and shopping in the world.,See Alcatraz, the Golden Gate Bridge, the pier 39 sea lions and much more on the San Francisco Bay Sunset Cruise. Coast on this luxury catamaran while the sun sets over the San Francisco Skyline. Book your spot here and cancel anytime before 24 hours of the tour so you can plan your trip stress-free.,In Chinatown, you can sample some of the best dim sum and Asian cuisine in the United States. Fisherman’s Wharf is full of family-friendly activities and boardwalk street performers, and you will hear the seals on Pier 39 before you see them. There is no shortage of tourist traps that are, in all honesty, good fun. ,Southern California and Northern California couldn’t be more different. No visit to Southern California is complete without a visit to the theme parks Disneyland, located in Anaheim, and Universal Studios Hollywood. And, in Hollywood, no visit is complete without checking out the iconic Hollywood Sign and the Hollywood Walk of Fame.,Santa Monica Pier boasts premier shopping, an iconic Ferris wheel, an amusement park, and a boardwalk where you can stroll and people-watch. You may even run into a celeb on this famous beach or check out the surf and go for a dip in the ocean. ,Also known as “the Riviera of the West,” Santa Barbara is located about 95 miles northwest of Los Angeles and is known for its Mission-Style architecture, high-end boutiques, moderate year-round temperatures and pristine beaches. Be sure to visit the Stearns Wharf and Santa Barbara’s famous Mission.,In the other direction, about 120 miles southeast of Los Angeles, San Diego is a not-to-be-missed experience, whether you decide to stay in one of the many luxurious resorts or make a day trip out of it. San Diego’s Old Town is a historic district filled with vibrant nightlife and shops and restaurants.,Balboa Park is home to the San Diego Zoo, the Birch Aquarium and SeaWorld. For a weirder more eclectic vibe, check out Venice Beach. This Bohemian town is filled with eclectic artists, skaters and muscled men and women working out at Venice Beach’s famous Muscle Beach. ,This iconic national park is filled with natural wonders and can’t really be done in a day. Here are some of the not-to-be-missed natural attractions.,Considered the highest waterfall in North America, Yosemite Falls is 2,425 feet with upper, lower and middle falls cascading from an impressive crest. Rain gear is recommended. Half Dome is one of the most-photographed spots in Yosemite National Park and for good reason.,One of the best views of this granite monolith is from Mirror Lake. Wawona Tunnel View is not just spectacular but a jaw-dropping scene and was made famous by the photographer Ansel Adams. This is the perfect spot to take in a panoramic view of El Capitan, Half Dome and Yosemite Valley.,This is just a small sample of these natural sights to behold, so be sure to have a plan before you go and book in advance. ,Located in Northern California Monterey is a California treasure for visitors of all ages. Monterey is also home to the Monterey Bay Aquarium and sea life. Monterey’s Cannery Row is filled with family-friendly restaurants, shops, hotels and plenty of wild sea life along the rocky coast.,Monterey’s Fisherman’s Wharf is the perfect spot to enjoy fresh seafood and spectacular sunsets. Explore the beauty of Monterey along 17-Mile Drive. This scenic day trip winds through the famous Pebble Beach golf course through Pacific Grove and the iconic Monterey Lone Cypress.,Located in the San Bernardino Valley Palm Springs is an oasis in an otherwise dry and desert climate and is filled with plenty of activities. Let’s start with the Palm Springs Aerial Tramway which takes you 8,516 feet to the top of the San Jacinto Mountains, the second-highest mountain range in Southern California.,Go off-the-beaten-trail and take a Jeep Tour of the Indian Canyons. Learn about plants, the historic culture of the Cahuilla Indians and take a relaxing 1-mile hike through the palm oasis. Book this magical tour here today!,If you still haven’t found what you’re looking for, the Joshua Tree National Park is your kind of place. Made famous by the band U2’s album cover, this national park attracts countless visitors each year for its hiking trails and terrain.,The Living Desert Zoo and Gardens is the safest way to explore the desert and its inhabitants and includes up-close and personal interactions with animals such as camels and giraffes. ,Situated in the northern Mojave Desert, Death Valley borders the Great Basin Desert and is one of the most-visited national parks in California. Considered one of the hottest places in the world, Death Valley offers a plethora of hiking trails and outdoor activities.,A two-mile hike through the canyon and through the Natural Bridge is worth it and is well-suited for novice or expert hikers. But the real draw to Death Valley is the view of a starry sky unmarred by manmade light. You should hire a tour guide if you are visiting for the first time since temps can top 130 degrees Fahrenheit and the terrain can be tricky. ,One road trip to Napa’s wine country and you would think you’re in France. Endless rolling hills and rows and rows of vineyards in the Sonoma and Napa regions make this an unforgettable experience.,Rows and rows of vines and wines from some of the top wineries in the world call Napa home. There is no shortage of ways to explore wine country by train, bike, car and even limo. ,The Golden State has some of the most diverse landscapes and climates packed into one state in the United States. California’s state park system boasts beaches, verdant forests, waterfalls and, of course, the expansive Pacific Ocean.,Here is a list of the state parks you should visit: Anza-Borrego Desert State Park, Julie Pfeiffer Burns State Park, Empire Maine Historic State Park, Columbia State Historic State Park, Crystal Cove State Park and Big Basin Redwoods State Park. ,California’s Lake Tahoe straddles the state of Nevada near the city of Reno, and locals call this area Reno Tahoe. Lake Tahoe’s sparkling lake in the summertime offers plenty of outdoor activities, and its panoramic views of the Sierra Nevada mountains are spectacular.,In the winter, Lake Tahoe’s towering mountains are the perfect terrain for hiking trails and skiing. ,Falling in love with the idea of exploring all that California has to offer? With endless parks, relaxing beaches and some of the most interesting cities in the world, California can’t be beaten. Find more information on flight deals and payment plans through Kiwi. Then check out hotel options and insider tips on the best places to see and eat in each area through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Get the most out of your trip by booking some tours through GetYourGuide. Whether it’s finding the best trails in Yosemite or exclusive experiences in Napa Valley, you can find exactly what you are looking for. Check out the selection of activities all over California here.,Loved the article, Great pictures!!!,Below Berlin lies a labyrinth of air raid shelters. Touring this underworld is like stepping back in time.,“Avoid touching the walls. They’re covered in poisonous paint,” advises Nick Jackson, a bespectacled English bloke in a construction orange vest. “So touching the walls, licking the walls (has anyone ever actually DONE that, I wonder?)—not a good idea,” he advises.,It’s definitely the direst tour introduction I’ve ever heard, but this is hardly your typical “attraction.” I’m huddled with perhaps 30 other tourists in a concrete passageway—the first of 30 rooms in a subterranean warren that twists and turns down three levels within the Gesundbrunnen U-bahn station in Berlin.,I’ll only spend 90 minutes in these dank chambers, but between 1941 and 1945, up to 5,000 Germans at a time whiled away countless hours in this dim labyrinth, illuminated by toxic glow-in-the-dark paint, listening for the drone of airplane engines and the booming of bombs.,“Above ground, there’s very little left from the Second World War, but underground, everything the Nazis (which he pronounces ‘Nasties’) built or used is roughly still here,” explains Jackson, who leads this “Dark Worlds” tour for the Berliner Unterwelten, an association dedicated to documenting the city’s air raid shelters, caverns and abandoned railway tunnels.,The government is adamant about avoiding the creation of any kind of shrine to the Nazis, who perpetrated such unimaginable horrors. But because civilians used this bunker, rather than the regime, visitors are allowed to explore it with a guide, and the experience offers a grim glimpse into the wartime uncertainties and fears that gripped Europe in the 40s.,“Ninety percent of Berlin was damaged; 27 percent was smashed to bits,” Jackson reveals. Air raids were so frequent that Berliners rushed to shelters roughly every 48 hours.,“There was no reserved seating. There were tales of people being crushed to death,” our guide says, leading us through a doorway marked “Zum Frauen-Abort.” In this passage—the women’s bathroom–about half-a-dozen toilets line one wall. “Getting to the restroom took hours. Never enough for the ladies, is there?” Jackson quips, before undermining his momentary levity by revealing that the cubicles around the toilets were removed after desperate souls took advantage of the locking doors to commit suicide.,Down a flight of stairs, we find two glass cases featuring artifacts like gas masks—made by slave labor from concentration camps—and a board game that taught children what to do in a bomb raid. “If you win the game, you survive, and mum makes you tea,” Jackson concludes wryly.,One display case is chock-a-block with objects constructed from the detritus of war, like shoes made out of tire rubber. Others feature relics from a Nazi bunker, including an Enigma machine, a pin and button emblazoned with swastikas, a blood pressure cuff, and—bizarrely—a ceramic bunny and figurine of what appears to be Snow White and the seven dwarves.,An entire room is devoted to the possessions of dead soldiers–helmets with telltale holes, pistols, a pipe and dentures. Jackson pauses in front of a case filled with items that belonged to a fellow called Schneider. “He was a bit flash. Had big feet,” our guide says, gesturing to the large worn boots that lay alongside a watch, gas mask, toothbrush, comb and condoms. “He never got around to using the condoms,” Jackson notes.,We emerge from the maze a more sober, silent group than when we entered, breathing the fresh air gratefully into our lungs. Jackson, having revisited the squalid senselessness of war 100 times or more, squares his shoulders and leaves the dark world behind, heading into the sunlight in search of a curry.,If You Go,Berliner Unterwelten “Dark Worlds Tour 1”,More information: Berlin Tourism,Author Bio: Amy Laughinghouse is a freelance writer based in London. Follow her on Twitter at @A_Laughinghouse or visit her website: www.AmyLaughinghouse.com, , ,Most travelers to Jordan head straight to Petra, but don’t miss spending a day in the capital city.,It was a city I had heard little about. Nobody had said to me, ‘You must go to Amman’ or said it was on their bucket list. As with many travellers to Jordan, my main goal was to visit Petra and explore the desert dunes by jeep.,The capital city was never a priority.,So I decided to leave my time in Amman to fate. If the city didn’t appeal to me, I would head south towards Petra as soon as I could.,‘You smoke?’,It was the first thing my driver said to me after he asked my name (which he politely told me was a man’s name in Arabic).,He held out his pack of cigarettes as he honked and sped his way out of the airport. ‘No thanks,’ I said, enjoying the breeze through the open window.,Every so often, we passed the face of King Abdullah II, waving to his people from a poster or billboard.,It took one night of talking to other travellers at my downtown hotel to decide I wanted more time in this city. The hotel manager told me I could also use Amman as a base to take day trips to the Dead Sea and northern Jordan. Perfect. With that plan in mind, I set aside a full day to explore.,The day started with my first taste of Jordanian hospitality: hotel breakfast, supersize. This consisted of cream cheese, hummus, jam, olives, fresh-cut cucumber, tomato and a basket of bread. Omelette and beans followed.,In the streets outside, car horns blasted. People walked, paused and ran between cars. Men leaned with cigarettes against the walls of bazaars.My first stop for the morning was the nearby Hashem Restaurant for a cup of mint tea. The popular (and cheap) restaurant sits just inside a small alleyway. Both locals and tourists sat crowded into tables to share bowls of flat bread, falafel and hummus.,The city of Amman was originally built on seven hills, also known as ‘jabals’. After asking directions from one of the Hashem staff, I puffed my way up stairs and road to the leafy neighborhood of Jabal Amman. In particular I was hunting for Rainbow Street, which a friend had told me to visit for its shops and eateries.,Rainbow Street and its buildings smelled of three things: art, wealth…and coffee.,Coffee ,I detoured off the main street into the Books@Cafe. On the ground floor was a bookstore filled with Arabic and English titles on every subject from politics to making falafel. Upstairs I sat near a group of people smoking shisha. I sipped at my latte and looked out at the view. Houses rose up the hills in a patchwork of stone and windows.,Back in the downtown, I peeked into an alleyway where earlier I had spotted a queue of people. Habibah, a sign read. The Amman institution for the Arabic sweet kanafeh.,I joined the queue and paid a half dinar (about US 70 cents). ‘Thanks,’ I said, smiling at the man at the counter. He grunted and counted his cash.,Sitting on a wall at the back of the alley, I took my first bite. It was enough to win my undying love. The sweet sank into the tongue with its cheese base, thick syrup pastry and crushed pistachio nuts. I watched another customer walk out with a kilo’s worth.,Oh, how I understood.,Luckily for the size of my stomach, I was ready for an afternoon workout walking the city’s archaeological sites.,Not far from the King Hussein Mosque in the downtown I came across my first two relics of ancient Amman. The Nymphaeum was once a grand fountain and pool dedicated to water nymphs, believed to have been built in 191 AD when Amman was known as the city of Philadelphia.,Near the Nymphaeum, the Roman Theatre sits majestically against the hillside. Also built around the second century AD, the theatre seats up to 6000 people and is still used for occasional performances. In a side section I wandered into the Jordan Museum of Popular Traditions. Inside were glass cabinets of traditional Jordanian and Palestinian costumes, headdresses and intricately decorated jewelry. There were also mosaics found in sites at Jerash and Madaba.,I stepped back out onto the stage and breathed in the size of the theatre. A local guide approached me and asked if I would like a tour up to the Citadel. He appeared trustworthy and friendly, and I was guidebook-less. ‘Okay, why not?’,‘Over there is the Royal Palace,’ he said, as we drove up to the Citadel. ‘And that,’ pointing at a tired huddle of buildings, ‘is the Palestinian refugee camp.’,I interrupted to ask a question. He got flustered and after a few seconds said, ‘Yes, but I will finish this story first…’,The Citadel site, or ‘Jabal al Qala’a’, is a museum in itself, with relics from several civilizations spread across the hilltop. The guide walked me around the columns of the Roman Temple of Hercules, and the ruins from the Umayyad Palace and Byzantine Church. I felt lost in an archaeologist’s dream.,After the guide left, I joined other tourists at the edge of the Citadel and looked out across the hills of Amman.,I was just in time to hear the mosques sing out their calls to prayer.,The city, suddenly, felt like the old and holy place that it was.,I made my way back to the hotel and freshened up. It was time to relax for the evening, this time at the nearby Al Quds ‘Jerusalem’ restaurant. The restaurant is known for its mansaf, a traditional Jordanian dish with rice, cooked yoghurt and lamb. Or in my case, half a chicken.,While watching a woman feed her son a spoonful of rice, I reflected on my day in Amman.,There was only one word to describe it.,If You Go,Visit Jordon
www.visitjordan.com, ,Remarkable! Its really remarkable piece of writing,
I have got much clear idea on the topic of from this post.,Discover the culture and charm of Leipzig, Germany, from Johann Sebastian Bach to delicious German beer, with writer Sherry Spitsnaugle.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,The St. Thomas Boys Choir’s sweet voices resonated like angels in St. Thomas Church, Leipzig, Germany. I listened in awe.,I couldn’t understand the words in German, but the boys’ pure, wholesome tones captivated me. Organ music soared through the church, with its ornate ceilings, white columns, and stained-glass windows.,From my seat, I looked up into the balcony at the boys’ childlike faces as they performed the music of Johann Sebastian Bach.,Beginning in 1723 until his death, Bach served as cantor at St Thomas Church. Sitting in the place where Bach served as music director felt poignant and moving.,St. Thomas Church has been home to the St. Thomas Boys Choir for 800 years. Church leaders formed the choir to provide music for church services, which they do to this day.,Leipzig even holds a Bach Festival every June, when the city goes into full party mode, classical music style.,Musicians perform Bach’s masterpieces with a modern flair and the community commemorates with concerts, events, and pageantry.,My first morning exploring Leipzig, I walked down a charming street to the Bach Museum passing outdoor cafés and women walking arm in arm.,Bells from St. Thomas Church tolled the hour; I caught the aroma of fresh roses as I passed a vendor selling flowers.,The museum houses many of Bach’s original works in a temperature-controlled environment in the Bach Archive. There, I looked at sheet music, a bust of Bach, a replica of the home where he grew up, and a chart of Bach’s Family Tree, titled Die Familie Bach.,In the museum, I listened to Bach’s music on a headset for an hour. Hearing the music reminded me of when I took piano lessons as a youngster. I could still remember the Bach melody I performed at a recital.,On an audio tour, I learned that Bach spent most of his working life in Leipzig. I also learned that he was so prolific the young composer wrote a cantata each week, including a cantata about—of all things—coffee.,Visitors can also follow the Leipzig Music Trail, a 5 km route through town that connects the most important authentic sites. I downloaded the app and followed the path around the city. This took me to the home of Felix Mendelssohn.,The Mendelssohn House is open to the public and shows how the composer lived, including his actual piano. Visitors can also “conduct” an orchestra,I took my place at the music stand, baton in hand, and had the choice to enter “orchestra” or “choir.” Through the magic of technology, I could increase the tempo, the sound of the oboes or clarinets, or the string section.,Lights went up and down and music filled the room. There was a crescendo here or there, all to the sounds of Mendelssohn. My travel companions and I each took a turn at conducting. It was one of the most interactive museums I have ever experienced.,Travelers may think of Munich, Frankfurt, or Bonn when planning a trip to Germany, but I wanted to tour secondary cities like Dresden, Leipzig, and Chemnitz. ,I loved each of the cities for their own charm and beauty: Dresden felt classy and old-world, as refined as cultured pearls and a Gucci bag. Chemnitz is known for edgy tech innovations and art. The city has even earned the designation as the European Capital of Culture in 2025.,Leipzig, a University town, brimmed with history, but felt energetic and trendy. ,At the lively Rathskeller Restaurant, in the heart of Leipzig, patrons gathered at tables with flights of beer and plates of brats; servers hoisted trays filled with pilsner, hefeweizen, and lagers.,The Rathskeller oozed good times, as people laughed, ate, and toasted one another at tables filled with bowls of mashed potatoes, sauerkraut, and bread.,Chandeliers hung from tall ceilings amidst low lighting, music, and the aroma of Wiener schnitzel.,Rathskeller means gathering place, although the translation is council and cellar.,I first heard the word, Rathskeller, as a freshman at Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kansas. We gathered at the Rathskeller in the Student Union to discuss politics, listen to musicians, and connect. In Leipzig, I felt like I was in the motherland.,I had spent an ideal day exploring Leipzig and listening to Bach. Then, I perused the list of beers at the Rathskeller, with names like Gose, Helles, Weizen, and my personal favorite, Dunkles.,It was enough to make a Bach and beer lover swoon.,Admission to St. Thomas Church, Leipzig, Germany, is free; however, there is a small fee if you visit when the Boys Choir performs. It’s best to check with the information desk at St. Thomas Church to inquire about tickets.,There is a fee to tour the Bach Museum. You can also rent headphones for an audio tour, which is available in many languages. For more information about Leipzig and the Saxony region, visit Saxony Tourism.,The state of Saxony, located in eastern Germany, is the country’s number one culture destination. In addition, Saxony is one of the leading German federal states in commitment to accessible travel in Germany.,The Tourism Board of Saxony has created an excellent site, Accessible Holidays In Saxony, with accessibility information for people with reduced mobility, as well as offers for travelers with sensory disabilities, or other impairments.,When you step off the boat, you won’t lose your sea legs. The “land” here is made of reeds, and island-building is a constant project.,As we stepped off the boat, the “land” trembled beneath our feet.  Some actually stumbled they were so startled.“I’m from California. I’m used to earthquakes” I quipped.,Actually I just pretended  that I was still on a boat because, in a sense, I was.The floating islands on Lake Titicaca in Peru are famous throughout South America. The Uros tribe members create their “land” from the long totora reeds that crowd the lake for miles in certain areas. They tie the harvested reeds in bundles to make great rafts, sometimes anchoring them with stone, but usually nestling them within the living reeds. More reeds are then chopped to create even surfaces for walking.,The reeds have many uses on the islands. The Uros skillfully weave them into boats that are wonderfully buoyant and they are the main building material for the homes. Even food is created from the pith of the reeds, which make a nourishing asparagus-like vegetable. Some of the pith is also dried and turned into flour, which is then made into bread.,The Uros began their floating lifestyle about two centuries before the Spanish conquest. While the Incas were busy empire-building, the group marched to the lake. The Uros had lived on the shores until then, but with the advancement of Inca armies they took refuge, hiding in the reeds.,For a long time, the Incas did indeed march right on by to go to war with the Aymaras, who lived on the far side of this huge lake. The two armies battled back and forth for years. However, the Incas eventually discovered the Uros, resulting in enslavement and taxation of the island dwellers.,In the end, the Incas gave up, leaving the Aymaras triumphant. The Uros began a small trade with the Aymaras, providing fish and reeds for land-raised goods. Eventually, the Aymara tongue was adopted by the Uros.,One thing didn’t change — the Uros didn’t leave the reeds. They remained where they felt safe and knew how to survive. To this day, even finding the floating islands takes a canny guide and skillful boatman to reach the water paths amid the miles of reeds.,In the middle of the island where we had been welcomed was a small hole where the Uros kids learn to swim. When literally living on a lake, drown-proofing the children becomes a priority.,There is also a small lookout tower on each island. This offers a way to stay in touch and signal one another as well as watch for trouble, or, these days, visitors.,While other Peruvian tribes revere Pachamama, or Mother Universe, the Uros revere Mother Lake. The bountiful lake provides them with fish and reeds, and the reeds provide them with nearly everything.,I notice strange-looking contraptions on the roofs of the straw huts. It seems the Uros used to use fish oil lamps or candles for light but that created a fire danger. Some bright soul came up with the idea of a small solar panel that could light a single light bulb and now most primitive straw huts throughout the villages have their own panel.,Special care has to be taken when cooking and fires are made atop stones so as to not burn the ground beneath them. A kind Uros woman showed us how she made her flour, grinding it between stones taken from the mainland, and let us taste the flatbread she baked. A big pot of water was kept at hand to douse any sparks that might fly.,Living on a floating island has its advantages. When the family gets too large or if there are disagreements in a village, a section of the island is sawed off and it floats away.,Our guide told us the island we were visiting used to be much larger, but that had occurred just recently here. Thus, the number of islands varies, but there are generally between 40 and 50 at any given time.,Island living also has its problems. The reeds have to be replenished constantly. We watched straw boats hauling in large loads of reeds for that purpose. If the reed mat gets so thick as to touch bottom, it begins to rot, so a boat must be hired to tow the island to deeper water.,If not kept up, the surface of the island can get spongy underfoot. Islands usually last a full generation, about 30 years, so island making is a constant project.,The surface of the island was strewn with chopped dry reeds. It was like walking where a bunch of hay bales had broken open. The golden color contrasted vividly with the green of the surrounding reeds and the blue of the lake waters.,In the market of the nearby town of Puno, the Uros hold the monopoly on fish sales. These days, however, as the fame of their strange islands spread, tourism is becoming an important source of income, with many of the tourists being fellow Peruvians.,The Uros boast skilled needlewomen and their work is in demand by visitors, increasing income. The men, so good at weaving their own boats, also weave miniature ones to sell. Most of the people incorporate tourist visits from small groups like ours into their regular routines and offer natural hospitality.,However, some only see dollar signs. One obnoxious fellow followed us on our ride on a straw boat playing the flute quite badly all the while, and then demanded a tip.  I wondered whether that attitude would spread among these innocent people whose unique culture had survived for so long.,Nowadays, many of the young people paddle off in their boats to settle on shore and get jobs on the mainland. From thousands, the number of Uros still on the islands is down into the hundreds.,While there is still a lively village life with people paddling between islands and hauling their catch to shore, I fear the Uros way of life is slowly disappearing. The older folks do, too, as they lament the steady drain of their young. Of course, I can understand the lure of a life with bright lights and solid ground beneath one’s feet.,If You Go,Peru Tourism Board,www.peru.info,Originally a ‘Bama girl, Andrea Granahan left the South and settled in Bodega, California. An award winning journalist and former newspaper publisher, she now does freelance travel writing and loves out-of-the-way places.,The enchanting tales of La Befana and Feast of the Epiphany capture the spirit of Christmas in Italy.,“There is no Santa Claus in Italy,” my Nana told me when I was a kid. I had nightmares of how awful Christmas must be over there. Nana said she had to wait until January 6, the Feast of the Epiphany, to get gifts. The presents came from an old crone with a hairy mole on her chin who rode around on a broom. She was called La Befana.,Many years later, I’m at the Piazza Navona in Rome, at the Epiphany Fair. It’s two weeks after Christmas, but the celebration is still in full swing. The Fountain of the Four Rivers is surrounded by stands with twinkling white lights selling sweets, ornaments and roasted pork sandwiches.,Nowadays, there is Santa Claus in Italy. They call him Babbo Natale. He’s skinnier than our version, and figures of him hang off the booths, side by side with the crone from my nightmares: La Befana. Tonight, January 5, I tell my husband, is La Befana’s special night. He looks between Babbo Natale and La Befana and says, “If I saw that one coming down my chimney, I’d run the other way!”,La Befana, like my Nana, was famous for spending her days in the kitchen, cooking and sweeping. On the first Christmas, the Magi stopped by her house, asking directions to Bethlehem. She made them dinner and they told her, “We’re going to see the Christ child, want to come along?” “Impossible,” she replied. “There are all these dishes to wash and the kitchen to sweep!” So the kings went on their way. Then, as the old woman was sweeping, it hit her: Did those guys say they were going to see Jesus?,She ran out of her cottage with her broom to follow them … but no kings in sight. She kept running, until her broom lifted her into the air. Ever since, La Befana has flown through the night sky on the eve of the Epiphany, delivering goodies to children, hoping one of them is the Christ child.,Anticipation is in the Piazza Navona air, as kids hurry home to hang stockings and set out a glass of wine for La Befana. She knows no child has been perfect all year, so tomorrow morning they’ll find their stockings filled with a mix of treats — coal (actually, black rock candy), maybe onions, olive oil — and finally they’ll dig to the bottom and find chocolates and caramels.,Who could not adore this ordinary woman, caught in the midst of her everyday world, suddenly struck by the Epiphany, dropping everything to run and be a part of it? I flash to my friends in Los Angeles, who have already hauled their trees out to the curb and are back at work, feeling guilty about weight they’ve gained from holiday partying.,We don’t feel guilty at all. We’re in Rome and we do as the Romans do. We slip into our favorite caffe, Tre Scalini, and order tartufo — crunchy chocolate ice cream encrusted in hard chocolate.,The nightmares Nana gave me so long ago are gone. We buy our Los Angeles friends Befana dolls, wanting to share with them the spirit of this Christmastime bonus, wanting them to believe as Italians believe, as we believe: that La Befana will fly through the sky tonight, sweeping away last year’s troubles with her broom, bringing us the hope of a sweeter, brighter new year. Anything is possible.,If You Go,Italian State Tourist Board,www.enit.it, ,Winter season in Greece means fewer crowds and the chance to experience the charm and history of Greek islands at a leisurely pace.,“Island hopping in the Mediterranean in February?” my friend asked, incredulously. “It’ll be cold and wet, everything will be closed and there’ll be no tourists,” she continued.,Well, I thought, it’s certain to be warmer than Britain, my home country, and I’m sure the local people still eat, drink and hold animated conversations in the tavernas (Greek cafes) and coffee shops all year round.,They don’t need visitors for company. And as for a scarcity of tourists, sometimes the fewer the better.,The idea of ferryboats carrying the locals from island to island without an accompanying horde of partying backpackers filled me with delight. Riding buses and hearing only the native language appealed to me.,And walking into a local restaurant causing the regulars to fall silent and stare at the stranger awakened my sense of adventure. Museums with no queues — the list goes on and on.,I got off to a good start in Haifa, Israel’s main seaport. I’d been staying on a nearby kibbutz, and managed to find a berth on a cargo ship bound for Cyprus with just two other passengers.,Moshe, a 74-year-old Israeli, was delivering a couple of cars to a customer.,Like most Israelis of his generation, he has led an eventful life and had many stories to tell.,The other passenger, Tomas, a young man from Poland, had been traveling all over the Middle East, even managing to enter Syria, Iran and Saudi Arabia.,When we reached Cyprus, an island nation in the eastern Mediterranean, however, my dreams of splendid isolation were dashed.,Walking along the seaside promenade in the port city of Larnaca, I heard English voices everywhere, and many Scandinavian ones, too.,It turns out that Cyprus is popular with long-stay retirees from cold northern climes. The Scandinavians swim and play ball games on the beach, while the British keep the bars busy in the evenings. Lovely island, but time to move on.,I had picked out Rhodes, the largest of the Dodecanes islands and easternmost of the major Greek islands, as my next destination.,Unable to find a ship bound for Rhodes, I had to resort to a less-romantic means of travel, an aircraft.,I arrived in the city of Rhodes, at the far northern end of the island, at about 9 p.m.,Its labyrinthine maze of cobbled streets are punctuated with archways and courtyards that had a Gothic, surrealist quality to them in the nighttime gloom.,I’ve visited some narrow-laned towns in my time, but this one takes the biscuit. It was too dark to read the map in my guidebook, and the streets were deserted.,I walked past the shuttered hotels and shops before stumbling across a jeweler’s store that was still open. The owner led me to a tiny hotel, and before long I found myself in a charming, centuries-old bedroom.,Feeling encouraged, I headed off into the lanes in search of food and drink. I found both in a cave-like tavern where I enjoyed a bowl of pasta while sitting next to a roaring log fire.,The barman was so pleased to see a traveler that he bought me a beer, and we began talking.,Over the next few days, every time I visited his tavern, Satiris would talk to me about the history of Rhodes and Greece in general, giving me insight into the ancient culture of his people., ,Rhodes, inhabited since Neolithic times, was conquered by many rulers, including the Minoans, the Persians and Alexander the Great.,The island was part of the Byzantine Empire for a thousand years beginning in 297; it then belonged to the Ottoman Empire for nearly four centuries, starting in 1522.,Rhodes was seized from the Turks by Italy in 1912, and was united with Greece in 1947.,The city was home to one of the seven wonders of the ancient world, the legendary Colossus of Rhodes — a giant statue of the god Helios, which stood roughly as tall as New York’s Statue of Liberty.,Satiris seemed to enjoy having the the opportunity to explain the history of his island. During the summer, when he is besieged by tourists he would only have had the time to say: “Yes sir, what can I get you?”,As I wandered through the streets of Rhodes, the largest inhabited medieval town in Europe and a World Heritage site, I had the place to myself.,Not entirely, though, as I met a young German author who was on a writer’s retreat while working on his second novel. And I drank many a beer with a small group of British expatriates, some of whom had lived in Rhodes for years.,This is what I had hoped for — contact with locals and the chance to observe places in an unhurried way, not as one of a tourist throng.,I managed to drag myself away from Rhodes by buying a ferry ticket to Crete, Greece’s largest island.,The ship eased out of Rhodes’ harbor at 4:30 in the morning, and before long, dawn was breaking to reveal a perfect blue sky and a calm sea.,Standing on deck with the sun on my face, I felt as though I was in another world. No traffic or noise or clutter of the manmade world, just the sea, the open horizon and millennia-old islands.,We arrived at our first port of call, the tiny island of Halki, population 300. A ribbon of pastel-painted cottages clung to the harbor, while craggy mountains rose behind the town.,When the ship docked, locals scurried off with string-tied bundles of who knows what, and battered vans and old trucks trundled up, then down the loading ramp.,For many of the islands the ferry is their lifeline; they have no other means of supply.,Crete (population 650,000), the largest Greek island, at the southern end of the Aegean Sea, appeared as a dot on the horizon, but soon the sheer rugged beauty of the terrain became apparent.,Mountain ranges fall precipitously to the sea, and a narrow plain on the north side of the island allows for habitation.,I spent most of my time in the town of Hania, also known as Chania, which is Crete’s second-largest city. Situated on the northern side of the island, Hania is considered Crete’s most beautiful town.,This area has been inhabited for at least 6,000 years, making it one of the oldest recorded communities in the world.,Sitting by the Venetian harbor in warm sunshine, I could gaze up at the backdrop of the 8,045-foot-high (2,452 m) White Mountains a few miles away, still covered in snow.,In addition to relaxing, I took in the sights: A 15th century lighthouse and the Mosque of the Janissaries along the harbor, the synagogue Etz Hayyim, in the Topanas District, believed to date from the 16th century, and Greek Orthodox churches.,The city is filled with museums and art galleries, and it has a fascinating old town just behind the harbor.,As in Rhodes, I found someone with the inclination and the time to talk. I was guided around by an English lady who had fallen in love with the island some years ago.,Apart from the scenery and sights, it’s the hours of conversation over coffee or beer that I will remember from this trip — and, of course, the absence of too many tourists.,Many people travel to relax on the beach and party — and why not? But for a different view of another country, the off-season has much appeal.,As I wander around another one of Crete’s picturesque harbors, I see a ferry tied up at the jetty. Now, I wonder where she is sailing to …,Greek National Tourism Organization,www.gnto.gr, ,There are more than 60 greek islands, very different from each other. To pick the right one use this great online tool:
greecevacationsearch.com,Go beyond the big market stalls to find the intricate designs of Otavalo’s renowned Jose Cotacachi.,A worn-out pickup truck with a wide-eyed pig in the back sputters past my husband and me as we stand on the corner surveying the flurry of activity in the street of Otavalo, a largely indigenous town about 37 miles (59 km) north of Ecuador’s capital.,From Quito to Otavalo it is about a two-hour drive along the Pan-American Highway, a system of roadways extending from Alaska to Chile. The stretch leading to Otavalo is a well-paved two-lane road. Buses, shuttling day-trippers from surrounding towns, deposit passengers. Taxis buzz in constant procession as they drop off locals with large, empty nylon bags.,It is Saturday, the biggest market day of the week, when fresh produce, grains, spices and even live animals are for sale. But the main attraction that brings hundreds of people to this renowned market is the handicrafts made by local artisans. (Read more on brand design tips) ,Vendors set up along every street leading into the main plaza. Hundreds of sweaters, ponchos, tablecloths and tapestries in brightly woven designs hang on display. Block after block is lined with booths and tables piled high with dolls, knitted hats, alpaca scarves, mittens, finger puppets and woven bags. Other tables glisten with silver and beaded jewelry, as well as pottery and wood carvings.,The Indians of Otavalo are some of the most noted artisans in the country, and have been producing weavings since pre-Inca times using techniques handed down through the generations.,Before we threw ourselves into the lively mix of folklore, culture and bustling activity, we had breakfast at the Hotel Ali Shungu, owned and operated by an American expatriate couple, Frank Kiefer and Margaret Goodhart. The walls of the in-house restaurant were decorated with masks, watercolors and dolls. We especially noticed weavings embroidered with “José C.” in the bottom left corner.,“Who’s José C.?” I asked.,José Cotacachi is a master weaver and designer with a studio and gallery in Peguche, a town about 2.5 miles (4 km) from Otavalo, our hostess explained as she removed one of the tapestries from the wall and gave us a quick lesson on what makes a quality weaving.,“See how this weaving has no visible threads running vertically through the piece?” she asked, as we leaned in to inspect the diamond pattern. “A good, tight weave is what you want,” she says. “Good-quality yarn and a skilled master weaver make the difference.”,She also warned us that José C.’s studio gets mentioned on many tourist maps and in guidebooks, so, to keep up with the demand, other master weavers from the Andean region now do much of the weaving that eventually ends up with an embroidered José C. signature.,“They are still José C. designs, though,” she said.,With our weaving lesson stored in memory, we headed for the market plaza. After buying sweaters, alpaca scarves and handmade jewelry, we made the short drive to Peguche to check out José Cotacachi’s gallery.,Inside the two-story stuccoed structure, every inch of wall space is covered by weavings of all sizes and designs in rich colors, much richer than the tapestries sold at the market.,A weaver in the traditional costume of Otavaleño men — white pants, poncho, sandals and black felt hat — is quietly at work at a large treadle loom. We ask if he is José. He peers through his glasses, smiles and nods. He is swiftly weaving blue yarn through vertical threads that will become a 15-by-40-inch (38-by-102 cm) tapestry, which will take four to five days to complete.,Many of the tapestries on display have contemporary designs reflecting José’s innovative style. Original designs include weavings with nontraditional motifs such as fish, cats and turtles. He also works three-dimensional elements into his tapestries, for example, by attaching braided “ponytails” to the heads of women depicted in weavings so that they protrude from the piece.,These weavings are better quality than those being sold in the market — and more expensive. We buy a small, square tapestry depicting three women of Otavalo, in traditional shawls and hats, sitting on the ground.,As we drive the dirt roads of Peguche back to the highway, we pause at a stop sign. Through the open window of the rental car I can hear the unmistakable sound of the humming and clicking of electric looms hard at work in an adjacent building. It’s a reminder that automation is becoming more common in this region as the weaving industry continues to prosper.,The visit to José’s gallery means even more to me as I clutch my shopping bag and feel a sense of joy that the tapestry I now own is not just a weaving, but a piece of art signed by the artist.,If You Go,Ecuador Tourism,www.vivecuador.com,Otavalo Tourism,www.ecuadorexplorer.com/html/otavalo, ,Malaysia offers an intriguing blend of Islamic culture and traditions, and modern amusements.,Standing in the shadow of the Petronas Towers is a religious experience. That’s not just a gushing tribute to Kuala Lumpur’s iconic landmark.,The world’s tallest twin towers put Malaysia’s capital on the global map when Sean Connery and Catherine Zeta-Jones swung beneath the 41st floor sky bridge in the 1999 movie Entrapment.,These ultramodern, 88-storey, 1,483-foot (452 m) wonders have floor plans based on an eight-sided star, a traditional motif of Islamic art.,Islam is never far away in this Southeast Asian nation of more than 24 million.,Yet, as I observed on a recent trip organized by Tourism Malaysia, the country mostly deserves its reputation as an affordable, exotic destination that practices tolerance.,For Middle Eastern tourists, Malaysia is similar to Mexico for Canadians: According to Tourism Malaysia statistics, nearly 150,000 of them flocked to Malaysia last year.,Colorful juxtapositions abound. After gaping at the Supersonic Odyssey roller coaster and 13 other thrill rides inside KL’s giant Berjaya Times Square mall, for instance, I saw women in full burqas browsing in Borders, Swatch and Estée Lauder stores. They were often accompanied by husbands in T-shirts and sandals.,Later, on the other side of the Klang River that bisects downtown, I cooled off from the tropical 90° Fahrenheit (32° C) weather by ordering a beer (yes, alcoholic) from a Carlsberg green–clad waitress at the Central Market food court.,The market is just a short walk from the National Mosque, with its blue, umbrella-shaped roof, and the Islamic Arts Museum Malaysia, whose 12 permanent galleries hold Koranic manuscripts, scientific treatises, jewelery and tapestries from around the Muslim world.,But it’s also easy to find evidence of other faiths here. Dating from the 19th century, the Sin Sze Si Ya Temple attracts fruit and incense offerings from Chinese Taoists and Buddhists.,Among the temple deities are Guan Yin, the goddess of Mercy, and Thai Soi, Choi Sun and Choi Pak Seng Kuan, gods of Good Fortune.,Inside the ornate, pyramid-shaped gate tower of the Sri Maha Mariamman Temple, I spotted a bare-chested, paint-daubed Hindu worshipper who paused from his devotions to answer his cell phone.,If you enter a Malaysian mosque, prepare for some clothing adjustments. Removal of shoes is mandatory, of course, but there can be additional requirements.,With a fellow male journalist, I ventured into the courtyard of the 15,000-capacity Putra Mosque in Putrajaya, the grandiose administrative capital founded in 1995 just outside Kuala Lampur.,The journalist, who wore shorts, was asked to put on a pink robe that matched the color of the mosque’s dome. “You look like one of the dancing elephants in Fantasia,” I teased.,Islamic influence is heavier on the east coast of peninsular Malaysia. Sure, you might find a lounge singer performing Tom Jones’s Sex Bomb at the Berjaya Redang Spa Resort on Redang Island, as I did, but that isn’t the norm for the state of Terengganu.,The vast majority of citizens are observant Malay Muslims.,At the Noor Arfa Craft Complex, I admired the work of young women in blue smocks and white scarves who were meticulously tracing gold-paint patterns onto the signature Malaysian batik fabric.,My guide cautioned me not to shake hands with the women we met, as this would violate religious custom.,Visiting the Terengganu State Museum, I examined the Batu Bersurat, an inscribed stone from the early 14th century that proclaims Islam to be Terengganu’s state religion.,I couldn’t help but gulp when viewing an exhibit of tools for Islamic circumcision, performed on boys between ages 12 and 15, who sit on a dais facing a ceremonial dish of yellow rice during the procedure.,The real religious dividing line in Malaysia emerges when you head north and west into the conservative state of Kelantan. Bordering on Thailand, it’s been ruled by the Islamic Party of Malaysia since 1990.,Kota Bharu, the state capital, was designated an “Islamic City” in 2005, and the government tries to clamp down periodically with everything from bikini bans to separate queues for men and women in stores.,Still, relatively strict religious governance hasn’t stifled the indigenous Malay culture.,At the Kota Bharu airport bookstore, I was startled to notice Romanticism: A Weapon of Satan, by Harun Yahya, next to The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People, by Stephen R. Covey.,Yet I noted that both titles are available in English, and not just because airport bookstores cater to foreign tourists.,I enjoyed the hospitality of Malaysia, where English is widely spoken and friendly strangers strike up conversations in elevators. Savory Indian, Chinese, Thai and Malay cuisine abounds.,With the Malaysian ringgit pegged at approximately 29 cents American, a food-court lunch is less than $3, and admission to Butterfly Park near the National Mosque is about $4.,And if you come away with a better sense of a religion that governs over 1 billion people worldwide, so much the better.,Kuala Lumpur Tourism,www.kualalumpur.gov.my,Tourism Malaysia,www.tourism.gov.my, ,Malaysia is beautiful country. A must visit places in Malaysia are Perhentian Islands and Redang Island located in Terengganu,This is the best place ever. Thanks for sharing wonderful post. Keep sharing!!,i think Malaysia is one of the best countries that represent islam and modern life.,Louisiana’s unique Cajun Bayou culture lives on in Lafourche Parish. Just 45 minutes from New Orleans, Cajun Country is a world apart.,When most folks think of Louisiana Cajun Country – if they think of it at all – it’s probably Lafayette, Louisiana.,Yet Lafourche Parish, just 45 minutes west of New Orleans, is a more accessible, more authentic Cajun experience than its more well-known and commercial cousin several hours away.,Though it’s not that far from New Orleans, Lafourche Parish is very different from Bourbon Street, beignets and bar stools.,This is real Bayou Country, where the 106-mile-long waterway defines everything affectionately called “the longest main street in the world.”,In answer to any question involving directions, it’s either up the bayou, down the bayou or across the bayou.,This is laid-back shrimpin’ country where when you say, “See you later, alligator,” you mean an actual alligator!,We learned all about Louisiana’s alligators when we rode on an airboat, a combination of a large rusty old rowboat with multiple mismatched seats at varying elevations on an otherwise unidentifiable Rube Goldberg contraption.,With Captain Jeremy presiding, we went on a thrilling ride in, around, along, through and over the extensive native greenery and wetlands at 40 miles per hour. ,Stopping along the way to see bald eagles, herons, egrets, ducks, nutria (a type of semi-aquatic rodent heretofore unknown to me) and, of course, alligators.,First, we communed with Big Al – a 13 1/2′ gator weighing in at 1000 pounds. To accentuate his largess, Jeremy picked up his tail as well as his very large pointy-nail four-toed foot to further illustrate how close they’ve become over the years.,Big Al barely flinched.,Then Big Al’s buddy, Sneaky, upstaged him by practically joining us on the boat as Jeremy deposited bits of chicken into his very large and very menacing mouth.,A bit further down the bayou, Brutus came when called. Okay, so he knew there was chicken waiting, but still…,Being Cajun means something different depending upon whom you ask. First, it’s the proud heritage imbued by the French Acadians who settled here in the 1750s when driven out of Nova Scotia.,For others, it’s the food – the special gumbo (no okra – that’s New Orleans Creole style) but always served with potato salad.,That and catfish chips. Often, it’s the music – old-fashioned accordion, fiddle, guitar, and triangles, slightly different than New Orleans Zydeco.,Of course, it’s also the bayou way of life – fishing, shrimping, and oystering. It could also be the long-time reliance on the sugar cane industry which thrived for generations making rum and molasses.,And always, Cajun culture in Louisiana means southern hospitality taken to extremes; the sense of community, the emphasis on family and values.,Cajun Country is one of the few local societies from which the young folk are not moving away; they’re just moving down the street.,And to the visitor, Cajun Country might just may be the ubiquitous nature of crayfish, the unique accent and the prevalence of white rubber shrimp boots, known locally as Cajun Reeboks.,As one local explains: “Our Cajun runs just a little bit deeper than the rest of the state, and it shows up at every bend in the bayou.”,The Wetlands Acadian Cultural Center explains all this in a rich tapestry of exhibits which bring Cajun Country to life.,The center relates the history, lifestyles, traditions, aided by films, interactive programs, walking tours, boating expeditions, and weekly gatherings of French descendants who share coffee and conversation in their native language.,Another throwback into sugar cane history comes compliments of the Laurel Valley Village and general store, the largest surviving sugar plantation complex in the United States – where sugar cane is still farmed today.,The general store alone, built in 1905, merits a trip to Lafourche Parish. An eye-widening assortment of a wide variety of old – and odd – objects many of which are delightfully unidentifiable.,From edibles such as pickled quail eggs, jams and jellies and homemade pralines and dilly beans to old walking sticks, corn husking machines, cane harvesters and tractors.,The multiple shelves were a jumble of thousands of items from saws and knives to cavalry saddles and sewing machines, water pumps and deer antlers.,It was hard to know what most of them were, but don’t even think about wanting to buy any.,These are living remnants of a storied past and the history is to be preserved. The earrings, photos, and dried flowers, however, are for sale.,And then we stepped outside. Antique engines and farm equipment were everywhere.,I felt like I was engulfed within a metal jungle and the other-worldly iron dinosaurs were on the attack.,I could do nothing but shake my head at all the personifications of a 250-year-old industry.,A couple of miles down the road are 55 original buildings dating back to the 1840’s, most of which functioned as slave quarters for the 135 slaves working the sugar mills.,Unfortunately, nothing is identified and invaluable history is lost among the decrepit remnants of the buildings themselves.,More recent history, still enmeshed in Lafourche’s sugar cane and other local products, can be found at Donner-Peltier Distillers.,It opened in 2012 after two local doctors, whose families had been in the sugar industry for years, were sipping rum while vacationing together with their wives.,Said one: “I have sugar cane in my backyard; why is no one in Lafourche making any rum of its own?” Several years later – after thorough and thoroughly enjoyable research into the rum industry – they opened their own distillery.,They use only Louisiana products in their rum, vodka, whiskey, and gin, which are now distributed in 11 states and Canada.,Sugar cane from across the street is used for their rum, local long-grain rice for the vodka and Satsuma oranges in the gin – the only distillery in the U.S. to do so.,Tours and tastings of these very unusual products are available, and like the alligators, the metal stills also have names – Betty produces vodka, Veronica gin and Stella whiskey.,I was happy to sample them all.,More Cajun history can be found at the Center for Traditional Louisiana Boatbuilding and Museum in Lockport.,It celebrates the Pirogue, a long, thin boat made from Cypress trees with which Acadians have traveled the Bayou for centuries –and which, like the sugar cane, is still being made today.,Resident boat maker, Ernest Savoie, demonstrates the labor intensive artistry employed in constructing the boat by hand. He also talks about his French heritage harking back to Nova Scotia.,His pride is evident as he relates that he was born into a family that extended along three blocks. Again, it’s all about family! And building his pirogues is keeping that culture alive.,A de rigueur stop at the Mudbug Brewery encapsulates Cajun Country.,Those previously mentioned white shrimpin’ boots are so much a part of the culture that the Brewery even has an ale named after them — White Boots Ale.,My favorite, the coffee-tinged Cafe Au Lait beer recalls the famous beverage accompanying the even more-famous beignets at the Café du Monde.,And during Mardi Gras, their King Cake Ale is an especially big seller. How can you not love Cajun Country when a brewery alone epitomizes its culture?,For more information about Louisiana’s Cajun Bayou, visit www.lacajunbayou.com or call 877-537-5800.,Author Bio: Fyllis Hockman is a multi-award-winning travel journalist who has been traveling and writing for over 30 years — and is still as eager for the next trip as she was for the first. Her articles appear in newspapers across the country and websites across the internet.,Curious about unusual places in the UK? From a wizard’s paradise to artificial rainforests, here’s 15 interesting attractions in the UK.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.   ,Welcome to the United Kingdom, a land of famous novelist William Shakespeare and The Rolling Stones, one of the most famous rock bands in the world. The UK has long been one of the top tourist destinations for travelers from Europe.   ,When you mention the United Kingdom, many think of Big Ben, Cambridge and Oxford Universities, Edinburgh Castle, or other world-popular attractions. But Britain offers so much more with its rich cultural heritage, historic sites, and breathtaking scenery.,Many outstanding museums such as the Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum, the British Museum, and the National Gallery hide beautiful paintings and other artworks that will mesmerize you.,Beautifully preserved estates are also high on everyone’s list. Centuries-old castles will enchant you with their timeless beauty, such as the must-visit Windsor Castle, the royal residence in Berkshire, and Warwick Castle, near Birmingham.,Yes, you can also visit well-known historical sites like Tower Bridge, St Paul’s Cathedral, Westminster Abbey in London, and Stonehenge and Avebury stone circles in Wiltshire.,But, on the list of UK top attractions and popular tourist destinations, in recent years, along with historical places, there are also exciting theme parks related to popular culture and other attractions you may miss. That’s why we’re here with our list of top 10 unusual attractions. So, let’s begin.,Welcome to the fascinating world of magic. The Warner Brothers Studio is just an hour’s train ride from central London. And an entire world from kids’ fantasy is hidden in it.,If you’re a fan of Harry Potter movies, you’ll be impressed with a tour of the set. You can see masks and costumes used by your favorite characters. Stroll along the cobblestone Diagon Alley, take a peek at Dumbledore’s office, and see the Great Hall live.,You can also see the Hogwarts Express train, an incredibly faithful model of Hogwarts Castle, and learn interesting details about using special effects during filming.,After 4 hours of an exciting tour of the studio, buy some themed goodies in the souvenir shop to remember this magical world.,With 3 million visitors a year, the London Eye or Millennium Wheel is one of the most popular tourist attractions in London and the UK. This grandiose observation wheel with 32 glass capsules is located in the city center, on the banks of the River Thames and across from the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben.,The London Eye makes a full circle in 30 minutes, which is just enough time to enjoy the 360-degree landscape. The view of London landmarks like Buckingham Palace or the Tower of London from the height of 135 meters is fascinating!,We recommend visiting during the sunset because the play of colors in the sky will make this ride an unforgettable experience!,Most tourists in the Scottish capital visit Edinburgh Castle, Royal Botanic Gardens, and The Royal Mile. But are you ready to discover the dark side of beautiful Edinburgh?,At the end of the 18th century, an underground city was built under the South Bridge, with tunnels and numerous rooms. Local traders used the premises as a warehouse until they were flooded and abandoned.,Still, Edinburgh Vaults got new residents. The poorest people settled there. They lived in dark and crumbly rooms. The underground city was used both for illegal gambling and as an illegal whiskey distillery.,The system of underground tunnels was abandoned during the 19th century and rediscovered only 30-40 years ago. The tunnels have been cleared of rubbish, arranged, and lit. Today, local guides organize tours for all interested visitors who are not afraid to peek into the hidden corners of Edinburgh.,O2 Arena is one of the most-visited concert halls in the world. It is located on the banks of the River Thames in southeast London. In addition to music events, it also hosted the Olympic Games, tennis tournaments, and other exciting events.,This time we are not taking you to a concert, but to an exciting adventure of climbing to the roof of the O2 Arena!,With a special suit, short training, and guide instructions, you will embark on an expedition to conquer the 52-meters high platform on the top of the O2 Arena. In an hour, during this journey, you can experience London from a completely unusual perspective.,There are daytime, a sunset, and a night tour. Each tour has its charm, as evidenced by 100,000 people who bravely board this adventure every year. ,If you want to surprise your loved one for an anniversary or birthday, you can do so at the top of the O2 Arena. Guides will be delighted to bring a bottle of champagne to create beautiful memories that you can take home from London.,Back in 1884, the Anfield Stadium was built in Liverpool. As the home of one of the most successful clubs in football history, it has become a cult place for millions of Liverpool fans from all over the world.,Before going out on the field in front of 50,000 fans who sing the club anthem “You’ll never walk alone”, the football players go through a tunnel where they touch the “This is Anfield” sign for good luck.,You can do the same as part of the LFC Museum and Stadium Tour. You can also have the chance to peek into the dressing room, where the players prepare before the game.,The tour of the stadium lasts 70-90 minutes. A memorable experience is a view from the upper ranks of the Main Stand on the stadium as well as on the city. ,The visit to the museum lasts about 30 minutes. During that time, you can have the opportunity to learn the story about club legends and see trophies from the glorious history of Liverpool football club – 6 European and 19 English champion titles.,Did you know that the Tower of London was built a thousand years ago?,It is located in central London, on the banks of the River Thames. The tower is part of a fortress built in the 11th century by King William the Conqueror, which served as a royal palace.,Later, authorities turned the Tower of London into a prison, which housed prominent prisoners from the aristocratic ranks.,In Jewel House, one of the fort blocks, with a guided tour, you can see the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom, with diamonds, sapphires, and other valuables. The crown of Queen Elizabeth II is kept in a glass case, and a group of elite guards makes sure the crown is safe.,Due to its great cultural and historical significance, the Tower of London has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.,Did you know that the famous ship Titanic was built in Belfast, the capital of Northern Ireland? On its first and only voyage in 1912, from Southampton to New York, the largest passenger ship of the time, the Titanic, hit an iceberg. The ship suffered enormous damage that led to a rapid sinking to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean.,About 1,500 people died on that occasion. In memory of this tragedy, during the 100th Anniversary in 2012, the Titanic Belfast Museum was opened.,In 9 galleries, you can get to know the rich maritime heritage of this city. You can see how the design and construction of the Titanic went, what the rooms with the engines looked like, as well as what the passenger cabins, salons, and restaurants were like.,You can find out how the tragedy happened and how the evacuation of 700 passengers and crew members by lifeboats looked like. You can also have the opportunity to visit the SS Nomadic ship near the museum, which was used to service the Titanic.,Are you ready for the most beautiful British adventure as an unusual attraction in the UK? As part of a one-day tour from Edinburgh, you can experience the magical beauties of northern Scotland.,Guides will drive you through the beautiful landscapes of the Glencoe valley. Enjoy the greenery, hills, and mountain peaks created by glaciers and volcanic eruptions.,The unreal beauty of these landscapes was the scenography for shooting numerous films, from Harry Potter to James Bond. ,The guides can tell you exciting stories about the history and culture of Scotland’s Highlands. You can also visit the ruins of Urquhart Castle and Loch Ness, a huge lake known for the legend of the monster Nessie, which hides in its depths.,Complete this unforgettable journey by discovering the village of Fort Augustus, the city of Inverness, and the wonderful Cairngorms National Park.,In the sixties of the last century, the Beatles roamed the world music scene. “Hey, Jude,” “A day in the life,” and “Yesterday” are just some of the hits of the most popular band in the history of pop-rock music.,As part of the Liverpool City and Beatles Open Bus Tours, you can even visit the houses where Paul McCartney and John Lennon grew up.,Strawberry Field and Penny Lane are places where you can get off the bus to take photos. By visiting important places in the Beatles’ history, you can better understand where the band got their inspiration for the songs from.,You will also have a unique opportunity to visit The Cavern Club, where the Beatles performed for the first time. Guides will also take you to see the city landmarks like Liverpool Cathedral, the UNESCO World Heritage Waterfront, the Royal Albert Docks, and Chinatown.,Cornwall is an area in the southwest of England, known as a favorite holiday destination with beautiful beaches and exciting facilities for the whole family.,The biggest tourist attraction is the Eden Project, an eco-park with educational facilities. The largest greenhouse in the world is located under the domes of futuristic design. Each dome has a different microclimate.,The tropical and Mediterranean climate provides ideal conditions for the growth of more than a million plants worldwide, such as bananas, cocoa, bamboo, olives, etc.,Children will be delighted with the wooden tower they can climb. You can also explore outdoor gardens, walk over the suspension bridge, enjoy the sounds of waterfalls, or have a ride on the fastest zip line in England.,Ready to explore one of the most exciting Attractions in the UK? Start planning your trip with hotel or VRBO accommodations, local UK restaurant recommendations, best places to shop and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity. Use OMIO Travel Partner to book the best plane, train and car rental options in the UK.,Be sure to book some of these interesting and fun activities in the UK through GetYourGuide. Check out expert-led tours, food tastings, pub crawls, family activities, skip-the-line tickets and more here.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,Great Guide! Thanks for sharing unusual attractions in uk with beautiful pictures.,Explore the lesser-known Arizona canyon, Canyon de Chelly, a natural wonder with mesmerizing scenery and rich history.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Those who make the trip down into Canyon de Chelly will often tell you it is one of the most memorable experiences in their lives. This natural wonder with its mesmerizing scenery and rich history is a Southwest gem.,Located in northeastern Arizona within the boundaries of the vast Navajo Nation, Canyon de Chelly is an 84,000-acre archeological sanctuary administered jointly by the National Park Service and the Navajo people.,It was designated a National Monument in 1931 to protect and preserve the numerous archeological resources long known to exist on the canyon rims, walls and bottomlands.,The name was derived from the misspelling and mispronunciation of the Navajo word for the canyon, “Tseyi,” which is pronounced “say-ee.” Over time, the word became “de Chelly,” which is pronounced as “de-shay.”,The canyon, which is actually a labyrinth of several canyons, is composed of sandstone and was created millions of years ago. Land uplifts and stream cutting formed the colorful sheer cliff walls that give the place its unique beauty.,The cliffs rise dramatically, standing in some places over 1,000 feet above the canyon floor. Though they make access to the canyon bottom difficult, they have long been viewed as an advantage, providing protection for both ancient and modern Native Americans throughout the centuries. ,Natural water sources and an ideal soil composition provided a hospitable environment for flora and fauna to exist within the canyon, which eventually attracted the first human inhabitants to the area. The Ancient Pueblo people, or Anasazi as they are often referred to, found the canyons an ideal place to plant crops and raise families.,They built multi-storied villages, small household compounds and kivas that dot the canyon alcoves and talus slopes. Their cliff dwellings took advantage of the sunlight and allowed for a natural system of heating and cooling.,They also provided a natural form of protection, which was enhanced by the addition of accessible ladders that could be lifted during enemy attacks.,Thanks to an arid climate and the shelter of the overhangs and caves, a number of the structures, along with other artifacts and organic remains, have been preserved. Of the total 2,700 ruins discovered in the canyon, 700 are still in some form of existence today.,The Anasazi thrived in the canyon until the mid-1300s when they left the area to seek better farmlands. This paved the way for the Hopi, descendants of the Anasazi, to migrate into the area.,Though they had their fields of corn and fruit orchards within the canyon, the Hopi did not winter there, preferring to settle instead on the mesa tops. ,In the 1700s, the Navajo settled in the Southwest and became residents of the canyon, where they continue to remain today. It is both the physical and spiritual home of the people.,The Navajo are related to the Athabaskan people of Northern Canada and Alaska. Like the “Ancient Ones,” they still plant their crops, raise livestock and build their hogans on the canyon floor. Roughly forty to fifty families currently live within the park borders. ,It is unclear as to when the Europeans first became aware of this area but a 1776 Spanish map includes the location of Canyon de Chelly. Soon after, Spanish troops entered the region and subjugated the Navajos. Pictographs on rock walls depict this event, providing evidence of its occurrence.,Later, there were American military explorations and war campaigns against the Navajo and a history of rampant injustices ensued. ,In 1849, James H. Simpson of the Corps of Topographical Engineers began recording several individual archeological finds in the canyon. This includes one he deemed Casa Blanca or White House because of a white-plastered room in its upper portion.,Simpson is credited with noting similarities between the construction methods used in this region and those utilized in the pueblo ruins at New Mexico’s Chaco Canyon, 75 miles to the east.,You can get spectacular views of the canyon from its numerous overlooks on the North and South Rim Drives. A small part of the canyon is accessible via the 2.5-mile White House Trail, the only public trail there.,The switchback path leads you down 600 feet to the famed White House Ruin. No fee, permit or guide is required for either of these endeavors. Currently, however, the trail and White House Overlook are closed due to safety and law enforcement concerns.,To truly experience this vast arena, however, you need to spend time inside its walls traveling via vehicle, horseback or foot while in the accompaniment of an authorized Navajo guide. ,There are a number of companies that offer guided services. Among them is the highly regarded Antelope House Tours, which is known for its knowledgeable and dedicated guides. Our group’s guide picked us up in his trusty, road-weary Suburban and proceeded to drive us down into the canyon. ,He navigated the shallow rivers, thick mud and soft banks that often make travel within the gorge challenging. At times it appeared as if we might not make it any further due to the unstable conditions.,However, he remained calm and collected and never failed to get us to the next juncture. Even when a younger guide in another vehicle said he wasn’t able to make it all the way to Mummy Cave, our guide seemed undaunted and continued ahead. ,Upon arriving at the obstacle in question, he appraised the situation, smiled and then put the pedal to the medal as we cheered him onward. It was obvious nothing was going to stop our guide from getting us to one of the largest ancestral Puebloan villages in the canyon and a definite highlight of the tour. ,People who migrated from Mesa Verde built Mummy Cave in the 1280s. Its massive tower complex rests on a ledge with east and west alcoves that are comprised of living and ceremonial rooms.,It was clear our guide lived and breathed his culture and the canyon. He often spoke about the place with awe and reverence. Though he has resided in the area his whole life, it still remains special to him and he never tires of sharing it with visitors.,He regaled our group with the geology and history of the canyon and its people. He explained the meanings of the many petroglyphs and pictographs that decorated the rock walls.,Additionally, he provided us with much information about the various plants and wildlife that make their home in the canyon.,At various times during the tour, we got out of the car to obtain a closer look at the archeological remains. We also took a hike to experience the surroundings in a different way. On foot, the canyon’s rust-colored rock walls appeared as towering sentries, standing watch over a castle’s jewels. Imposing and grand, these giant monoliths made us humans feel very small and insignificant. ,Several landmarks have sad and disturbing histories. Massacre Cave, for example, refers to the Navajo killed there in the winter of 1805 by a Spanish military expedition. About 115 Navajo took shelter on the ledge above the canyon floor. Soldiers eventually found and massacred them.,Another, Fortress Rock, was the scene of a stand-off between the Navajo and the Indian fighter Kit Carson in 1863. The Navajo had sought refuge at the top of the rock, after stockpiling dried food inside storage bins built of stone and mud.,Carson’s troops set fire to all the abandoned Navajo homes they could find. They destroyed food supplies and filled up water holes with dirt. The Navajo realized they would not survive the winter and eventually came down from the rock to surrender. Then, they began a forced several hundred-mile trek to Fort Sumner. Their infamous death march became known as the Navajo Long Walk. ,There is much to learn from Canyon de Chelly and having an experienced and knowledgeable Navajo guide helped make history come alive for our group. His invaluable insights gave us a unique perspective while deepening and personalizing our experience.,For Information about Canyon de Chelly: www.nps.gov/cach ,Antelope House Tours: www.canyondechelly.net ,Author Bio: Debbie Stone is an established travel writer and columnist, who crosses the globe in search of unique destinations and experiences to share with her readers and listeners. She’s an avid explorer who welcomes new opportunities to increase awareness and enthusiasm for places, culture, food, history, nature, outdoor adventure, wellness and more. Her travels have taken her to nearly 100 countries spanning all seven continents, and her stories appear in numerous print and digital publications. ,Fiji is rich in natural beauty and traditions, like the ancient Kava ceremony. Here’s why you’ll want to visit and how to plan a trip to Fiji.,So when can you plan a trip to the beautiful islands of Fiji? The course of the pandemic will determine the date for resuming travel, which will likely begin in 2021 within the Australia/New Zealand/Fiji “bubble” before traveling from other countries. Visit Fiji.travel for the latest info on travel to Fiji. ,Less than 153 years ago, the natives of Fiji were a cannibalistic society. Eating the enemy was a time-honored practice of this South Pacific island nation. As late as 1867, villagers made a meal of missionary Thomas Baker because he touched the chief’s head—a cultural faux pas.,Today, Fijians are a genuinely warm, loving people, deeply religious and faithful to traditions (except feasting on flesh; that disappeared as Christianity spread).  ,They believe in “living for the day” and “keeping positivity in your pocket,” said Eroni, our native guide who called himself a Mighty Fijian and a Chocolate Man. ,Eroni may have been distinguishing himself from the Indo-Fijians, East Indians whom 19th century English plantation owners imported as indentured servants to work the sugar cane fields. ,They now comprise the country’s second-largest population group (44 percent to 51 percent native Fijian and 5 percent European and other Pacific Islanders). ,The Indian influence is obvious as I saw women dressed in colorful saris, Indian names on countless storefronts, Indian spices in local markets and ornate Hindu temples in towns. ,So, I shouldn’t have been surprised at the meals that included both delicious Fijian specialties like kokoda (raw fish marinated in lime juice and fresh coconut milk), as well as some of the best Indian cuisine. ,Bula! Fijians use this word incessantly. It means everything from Hello to Wassup to Cheers! Even the brave “warriors” we watched walk on hot coals started their tribal ceremony with a deep and hearty “Bula!” The word embodies the spirit of Fiji. ,The best way to learn the Fijian way of life is to visit one of 1,601 small villages scattered throughout the islands. Each village has one church and one chief, whose house is the largest and sits on the highest ground in case of a flood. About 200 families comprise the typical village; an average family has five or six kids, all fluent in English required in school and spoken throughout the islands. ,We visited Lawai Village on the Sigatoka River on the largest island of Viti Levu. Known for its hand-made pottery (no wheels used), Lawai once was the richest village in Fiji. It’s not far from the Sand Dunes, Fiji’s first national park, where archeologists traced the first inhabitants’ arrival to 2600 years ago. ,In Lawai, houses are made of concrete with open doorways and windows. No fences or borders, just lush grass, tropical flowers and foliage surround the buildings. The climate is tropical year-round with ideal weather from May to November. Both men and women wear a flower tucked behind the ear, which serves a purpose besides adornment. When worn on the left side, it means, “I’m single.” Both sexes have equal chances for relationships as the male/female ratio is nearly one to one. ,Eroni briefed us in traditional village protocol: no sunglasses, hats, bare legs or shoulders. Modesty is premium. At our hotel, we were given sulus (a sarong-like wrap) to wear for such occasions. We left our shoes outside and entered the meeting house.,It’s customary to give a gift of waka, the dried root of the yagona plant, to the chief upon entering the village. The ancient Kava ceremony follows this formal presentation. ,It goes like this: visitors sit yoga style and barefoot on a grass mat facing the chief and villagers. Singing and chanting goes on while the yagona gets crushed into a powder, put into a pouch and squeezed in a big bowl of water that eventually turns muddy brown and becomes Kava juice. Then each person in the circle takes a solemn turn at drinking it from a coconut shell. The ritual involves clapping your hands once and saying (here it is again), “Bula!” Then in one gulp, you down the liquid, hand back the empty cup and clap your hands three times. ,I could barely swallow the smoky stuff, but it would have been really bad form to make a face or, worse, gag! No one seemed to mind the nasty taste, and by the end of the visit, everyone—natives and visitors alike—were singing and dancing (meke) and sharing a bountiful feast of local food laid out by the village women.,The other ceremony I loved was Mass at the local Catholic Church. Men and boys, dressed in colorful native shirts and grey sulus, and women and girls in their finest dresses sat cross-legged and barefoot on hand-woven mats while the priest said the service in Fijian. Many tempered the heat with hand-held grass fans while singing hymns and retrieving babies who occasionally crawled away from their parents. ,Residents also practice Hinduism and Islam in this peaceful multi-cultural society.  One can’t imagine crime or disrespect among these gentle, affectionate people who hold tradition, culture and nature above all else.  ,“I can only keep my culture if I share it,” Eroni said. ,Tropical birds squawking in the trees woke me every morning at my bure. That’s what they call the 25 luxury thatched-roof bungalows set village-style at this idyllic retreat on the shores of Savusavu Bay on the island of Vanua Levu, the second largest of some 300 islands in the Fiji chain. ,Named after the son of famed French ocean explorer Jacques Cousteau, the resort enjoys award-winning status as both a luxury property and an eco-friendly resort. That is not an oxymoron. As the “environmental architect” of the resort, eco-filmmaker Jean-Michel set the standards for sustainability, resulting in a lovely balance between lavish comfort and conservation. ,The entire property is an impressive garden of tropical flowers, medicinal plants and organic fruits and vegetables. It’s ideal for families, with its daily themes of Fijian culture and a separate children’s area for meals and activities in the complimentary Bula Club. For divers and snorkelers, its waters hold some of the world’s most interesting coral reefs; indeed, Fiji is the “Soft Coral Capital of the Word.” ,Famed marine biologist, Johnny Singh, leads diving explorations and heads up educational programs at the resort, as well as answers lots of questions from inquisitive journalists. Singh is a native Fijian passionate about environmental conservation, sustainability practices and educating guests and school children about the environment. ,Couples won’t find a more romantic setting—lantern-lit dinners, escapes to a nearby private island, massages on the beach, and cuisine and wine from around the world. The bures are true havens for relaxation, free from TVs and phones. A staff member gives wake-up calls with raps on your front porch door. ,This Pacific gem was everything I expected from an island paradise. When the staff sang the national farewell song IsaLei in Fijian at our departure, I knew I’d return one day: ,O, forget not, when you’re far away. Precious moments beside dear Suva.,Fiji is a 10-hour non-stop night flight on Fiji Airways from Los Angeles to Nadi, the largest city of about 43,000 people. Because you cross the International Date Line, you lose a day going but arrive in the U.S. on the afternoon of the same day of your evening departure from Fiji. Currently, because of the pandemic, the airport is closed until further notice.,Tourism Fiji – Fiji.travel  ,Jean-Michel Cousteau Resort – fijiresort.com ,Fiji Airways – Fiji airways.com,Author’s Bio: Claudia Carbone is an award-winning travel writer and member of Society of American Travel Writers, North American Travel Journalists Assoc. and Denver Woman’s Press Club. Currently, her work is published in The Denver Post, Colorado Expression Magazine, London Sunday Telegraph’s Hotelegraph, GoWorldTravel.com, RealFoodTraveler.com, MtnTown Magazine and The Villager Newspaper. Her blog Sleepin’ Around covers any place you can sleep on vacation.,Rock the rickshaw with hot pig’s knuckles and lamb skewered on recycled bicycle spokes.,“Eat anything that flies except airplanes; eat anything with legs except the table.”|
Anonymous (but I will take credit for it if no one else will.),I will be diplomatic and say that Chinese street food, to my taste, was like taking my taste buds to the circus. Eating street cuisine in China did not come easily to me.,Without ever having set foot in The Middle Kingdom, I signed a contract to teach English in Shenyang, a day’s train ride northeast of Beijing. Shenyang is heavy into industry, and is more known for its sooty air quality than as a haven of epicurean delight. (The air is sometimes so chunky with particulate matter, it might actually qualify as a side dish or at the very least, a condiment.),I struggled with the language at first. Compliments of my Chinese immigrant parents, I have a smattering of Cantonese at my disposal, but living in northeastern China required Mandarin — and lots of it, more than my Lonely Planetphrasebook served up, that’s for sure.,I lost 25 pounds over 10 months that first year, a change so dramatic I could have marketed this diet. I was never hungry, yet I was soon punching new holes on the negative side of my belt.,The tongue-in-cheek Chinese adage, “Eat anything that flies except airplanes; eat anything with legs except the table,” is one that describes the culinary attitude of the local people. Logic follows that with a 1.3 billion– plus population, every niblet and giblet, each root, everything Fear Factor-ish, will have been taste tested at some point.,If the morsel has potential, it is often afforded an exotic name, then served up with smothering sauces and an inflated tab. In this regard, I believe I have been included in several focus groups without my ever having known.,I was born and raised in North America. My parents left their first life in China, hustled my brothers and sisters though foreign and domestic channels, and settled on Canada’s west coast. Now, true to Great White North tradition, all foodstuffs deemed inedible or unsightly are disposed of, ground up in the garbage disposal, vaporized; atomic-sized remnants are chased into oblivion by antibacterial sprays so even their essence would no longer exist to offend. So what happened?,Why delve into street fare? Why, indeed, rock the rickshaw? Well, in my early days in China, each day as I rode past countless street vendors, the aroma of barbecuing lamb, fresh pastries and grilled seafood, teased me with their tantalizing bouquets, the siren scents chasing me back to my flat, where I would sit and contemplate my roomy slacks. Those heady days, I hadn’t yet the will to challenge my stomach mettle or my burgeoning language skills.,At lunchtime I always arrived at the common dining hall with great anticipation. I used my prepaid food vouchers with abandon, one for steamed rice, two more for a brown or green main dish, stir-fried in the massive kitchen with a shovel in a wok the size of a satellite dish, by a steely-armed cook wearing hip waders (true). Unfazed, I tossed down the meals with as much élan as the students did, and more, because, sadly, I couldn’t afford to shed any more body weight, my body mass dropping like it had no emergency chute.,Not only for necessity and weight concerns, I decided to explore the city’s food subculture as another aspect of life in China, an added dimension. The inviting smells my nose picked up on my way to school and back had whetted my appetite. Now, I afforded my palate tiny day trips as I began stopping by the vendors’ carts and munch my way through the exotic tastes of China.,Street food is easier to order than a meal in any traditional restaurant. You can see exactly what you’re getting, watch them prepare it and, without ever having to call it by name (or even identify it), you can always just say zai lai yi ge . This useful phrase means “one more, please.” Regardless of whether you have another, though, you can feel free to continue to the next vendor’s goody wagon.,But don’t stop at just any vendor: Look for the one who keeps a regular corner and boasts a crowd around lunchtime. A smiling, happy crowd, mind you, and not the type huddled around a fellow snacker who’s clutching his stomach and threatening litigation.,The busy-ness of the peddler speaks well for the quality, freshness and taste-quotient of their product. And need I add: Keep away from trays of stale food whose only customers are the non-paying variety: flies and family members. Listen to your Inner Mother before indulging.,They say you never forget your first. They’re right. Mine was five lamb kebabs for a yuan (about 13 cents). I was not at all deterred by the fact that a few British expatriates called the pungent tidbits “hepatitis on a stick.” As I stood astride my flashy red girl’s bike enjoying my treats, my senses must certainly have been heightened. How else could I notice that the kebabs were in fact, skewered on old bicycle spokes? Enterprising Chinese have found a new way to recycle a cycle!,With repeated visits, feeling proud and full after devouring my kebabs or silkworm (yes, you read correctly, I do indeed mean silkworm!) or chicken necks, I’d peddle on home with that tangy aftertaste of cumin still tickling my lips.,But a man who has lost 14 percent of his body weight cannot live by bike-spoke kebabs alone … there should be some soup with that.,This brought me round to a little roadside dining establishment near my flat featuring wontons boiled and served from a three-wheeled buggy. Around this cart stood four sawhorses that passed for ambiance and down-home practical seating.,I kicked down my bike stand and joined the boy’s club, happily ordering my bowl of wontons. Three men sat sipping their soup out of criminally shallow spoons, each patron balanced with ease on his respective two-by-four sawhorse. When it came time for me to park my westernized behind on the only horse remaining, I kept sliding and constantly catching my balance.,I chalked up my sudden vertigo to inexperience or the vagaries of metric conversion. It turned out the others had the deluxe sawhorses, and sat on the four-inch (10 cm) side, while my sawhorse offered the meager two-inch (5 cm) side for a seat. Alas, I wore a lot of my soup home that first night, creating a new, yet tasty, fashion statement.,These days, in a perfectly scrubbed suburb of Vancouver, it’s been a year and an eternity since rolling through the streets of Shenyang. Can I honestly say I miss the befouled air, chopsticks that have never seen soapy water, cooks in hip waders? How can I not miss it?,But take heart, I have been secretly amassing ingredients and, at my next cookout, I vow to spear some spiced treats onto fatigued bicycle spokes. Now, where can I get some live silkworm?, ,Despite its fairy-tale looks, there’s more to Corsica than drawbridges and cobblestone streets.,Royal, sapphire, cobalt, turquoise … nowhere else in Corsica is this kaleidoscope of colors more evident than in the Straits of Bonifacio, the windswept waterway that separates the southernmost tip of the island from the coast of Sardinia.,Built atop of towering limestone cliffs and surrounded by the Mediterranean on three sides, the town of Bonifacio offers spectacular panoramas, hikes along the coast, boat rides, historical monuments and great dining, all within walking distance of a medieval fairy tale–like village. Bonifacio’s harbor, lined with a string of hotels, cafes and restaurants, is the ideal spot to begin an exploration of this intriguing place.,At the tiny grocery store next to our hotel, my sister Marcia and I buy warm chocolate croissants, fresh cheese made from ewe’s milk, thin slices of cured ham, a loaf of bread and two bottles of water. With our daypacks loaded, we climb aboard a tour boat to explore the nearby Lavezzi Islands, a protected natural reserve and part of an international marine park jointly shared by Italy and France.,The boat tours leave in the morning and drop off tourists at the reserve, returning later in the day to take them back to Bonifacio.,On these uninhabited islands, visitors can bathe in secluded coves with white sandy beaches teeming with sea anemones and tiny fish.,The return trip to Bonifacio includes a visit to several inlets and caves carved by the sea and accessible only by boat. The most striking cave is Sdragonatto (little dragon), with its narrow entrance that, curiously, resembles the shape of Corsica.,The city of Bonifacio is split into two levels: the harbor and the old town, or Upper Ville (Upper Town).,A steep climb from the harbor via the steps of Montée Rastello leads to a lookout point, and one of the most stunning views in the Mediterranean: the island of Sardinia on the horizon, just 11 km (7 miles) to the south and the emerald waters of Sutta Rocca Beach below, adorned by the Grain de Sable (Grain of Sand), a massive rock fallen from the cliffside that sits in the ocean, and one of the most-photographed natural wonders in Corsica.,Continuing our ascent to the Upper Town, we reach the drawbridge that leads to the entrance of the fortified Haute Ville. To cross over the drawbridge that guarded the only entrance to this ancient city until 1854 is to journey into Corsica’s medieval past. Named after Count Bonifacio of Tuscany in AD 828, the city was coveted for centuries by Genoa and Pisa for its strategic location and naturally protected port.,In the 12th century, the Genoese drove out Bonifacio’s inhabitants and established it as a colony of Genoa, ruling over much of the island through most of the 18th century.,The Genoese strengthened the Upper Town with fortifications on all sides, and in times of battle, the city’s inhabitants would raise the drawbridge and lock themselves inside the village to protect themselves from invaders. After years of attempts at independence, Corsica was sold to France, and was defeated by France’s army in 1769.,Bonifacio’s old town is perfect for wandering through its maze of cobblestone streets; admiring the mixed architecture of its homes; and visiting centuries-old churches, tiny boutiques and cafes. You can walk through a tunnel, built inside the fortified walls surrounding the town, which offers great views of the marina and the sea from several windows.,Near the church of St. Dominique, an open-air market gathers every Wednesday, featuring crafts, clothes, souvenirs and local food: fresh produce, cheese, charcuterie, fruit preserves and a variety of honeys perfumed with a mix of indigenous herbs, including myrtle, rosemary, thyme, juniper and other endemic plants knows as maquis. For this reason the honeys of Corsica can be simultaneously sweet and bitter.,For lunch, Cantina Doria, a rustic pub in the heart of old town Bonifacio, serves Corsican specialties at unbeatable prices in a family atmosphere.,For dinner, Les Quatre Vents, on the harbor, serves fresh, delicious seafood and steaks.,Leaving the old town and returning to the lookout point at the top of Montée Rastello, we descended a winding stairway to the beach of Sutta Rocca (Under Rock), a great spot for bathing and snorkeling. I found the water here to be the warmest on the entire island.,Bonifacio’s harbor, with its sidewalk cafes and candlelit restaurant tables overlooked by the mighty 16th-century fortress Le Bastion de l’Etendardis, is the perfect place to spend an evening. For food lovers seeking new and authentic flavors, Corsica offers an abundance of traditional products prepared according to ancient techniques.,Quietly installed on their boats with their nets, local fishermen continue to bring in excellent fish and succulent lobster. The charcuterie, the cheeses, the wines, even the local beers — brewed with Corsican chestnuts, wildflowers and herbs — are exquisite. Sitting at a café just two doors from our hotel, I realized we had not stepped into a car since we arrived.,The next morning we drove north on route N198 to the beach of Santa Giulia, about 15 miles (24 km) north of Bonifacio, where we bathed and relaxed in a translucent turquoise lagoon with calm, shallow waters bordered by pines and a sandy beach.,The water was impeccably clean and clear, with no seaweed or rocks, and the bright blue colors seemed unreal. According to guidebooks, Santa Giulia is one of the most unspoiled beaches in all of Corsica.,While the beaches were enticing, we were eager to explore the interior of the island. The following day we headed north on N198 to Solenzara, 41 miles (66 km) from Bonifacio, to experience the mountainous region of Alta Rocca (High Rock). From Solenzara we drove to the interior of the island on route D268.,A few minutes later, we were splashing in the fresh waters of the Solenzara River, which looked more like a natural swimming pool under the shade of pine trees.,After driving through deep forests and granite peaks, we reached the Auberge du Col de Bavella (Mountain Pass of Bavella Inn), a popular stop for hikers, and the starting point of many nature trails.,Our next stop was the village of Zonza, located at the foot of the Bavella Mountains. This remote area, with its landscape of oak and Corsican pine, intersects the renowned Grand Route 20, considered one of the most demanding long-distance hiking trails in Western Europe. The trail runs much of the length of Corsica from north to south, with altitude differences reaching 2,600 feet (792 meters) at some points.,The 40-minute drive back to the coast on route D368 revealed superb views of the Gulf of Porto-Vecchio and the farm fields of the lower Ortolo Valley.,That night, back at the marina, Bonifacio seemed worlds apart from the traditional rural life in the rugged mountains.,Getting There,Bonifacio is 76 miles (122 km) from Ajaccio, the capital of Corsica, and 10 miles (16 km) from the nearest airport, Figari Airport. A taxi ride from Figari to Bonifacio costs about 35-45 Euros.,Transportation,Driving in Corsica is easy, and the best way to explore the island. Auto Europe offers great rates on car rentals; they have locations in all major cities and airports in Corsica.,Auto Europe,www.autoeurope.com,Where to Stay,The following hotels are conveniently located on the harbor:,Hôtel du Roy d’Aragon,Offers affordable rates and comfortable rooms.,www.royaragon.com,La Caravelle Hotel,A special amenity in this hotel is a former 13th-century fishermen’s chapel that has been converted to a lavish piano bar.,www.hotel-caravelle-corse.com,Bonifacio Tourist Office,www.bonifacio.fr,Corsica Tourism,www.visitcorsica.com ,When you start seeing red across the island, that’s when you know Chinese New Year is approaching.,When you start seeing red across the island, that’s when you know Chinese New Year, one of the biggest holidays in Singapore, is approaching. Red paper lanterns with gold tassels swish in the breeze, and Chinese characters suggesting prosperity and joy, intricately cut out on red paper, are pasted on walls.,Chinese New Year marks the beginning of spring, and the 15-day celebration usually starts in late January or February. The exact dates vary from year to year, as it depends on the lunar calendar. However, the preparations usually begin a few days after Christmas. Department stores switch from playing Christmas carols to traditional Chinese New Year songs, and festivities must-haves start appearing on the shelves.,The Story Behind Chinese New Year,Legend has it that a mythical monster called ‘Nian’ would terrorise villagers on the first day of the spring. In an effort to appease ‘Nian’, people left food out for it, and clanged pots and pans in the hopes that loud noises would scare the creature away.,One day, villagers noticed ‘Nian’ avoiding a young child dressed in red. They realised it was afraid of the colour, thus adorned their homes with red items to deter it from seeking them. Villagers had a huge celebration after they successfully fought off the monster.,Over the year, these practices were adapted to become the Chinese New Year customs that are still carried out together, namely, feasting with family and friends, playing loud, joyful music, and wearing red or other brightly coloured clothes during the holiday.,Delicious Seasonal Goodies,Chinese New Year is a time to binge-eat, many Singaporeans would tell you. In the month leading up to it, items such as pineapple tarts (a flaky pastry topped with sweetened pineapple paste) or love letters (a super-thin wafer made from flour, eggs and coconut milk and rolled up to resemble a note) will be available at all bakeries and supermarkets across the island.,Most Singaporeans head down to Chinatown to stock up on these items, as the endless pop-up stores set up along the street during the season means the goodies are priced cheaply there (you can buy a jar of pineapple tarts for under $10, while they cost about $18 at brand name bakeries in malls).,The cheap prices translate into a huge crowd. To see Chinatown at its liveliest, visit during this period.,Singaporeans also have a ‘queue-culture’— meaning we have no problems waiting for hours for good food. This culture is apparent in hawker centres and coffee shops (tip: if you’re wandering the streets and unsure what to order, just join a queue and ask the person in from of you what he or she plans to order).,Chinese New Year means folks spend hours in the scorching sun waiting for their turn to purchase barbequed meat. Called ‘rou gan’ (row-gaan) or ‘bak kwa’ (bah-k-wah), this delicacy is minced meat marinated and grilled. It is a mix of sweet and savoury and just the right balance between a lightly charred skin and chewy inside. Though it is available all year round, the craze around the Chinese New Year period means hundreds would have taken up a spot outside the most well-loved outlets even before the stores open at 9am.,This year, I queued up for over an hour at a ‘boutique’ BBQ meat store to get my fix, and that is considered a short time to wait. If you’re in Singapore, do try a slice of this delicacy. Most places allow customers to buy a couple of slices instead of a whole box during low season. There are many outlets scattered around Singapore and several in Chinatown. It retails at $20 to $25 per half a kilogram.,Bright, Festive Decorations,Much like Christmas trees and stockings take centerstage when the holiday is coming up, and pumpkins are all around during Halloween, Chinese New Year decorations are a big deal. Everywhere, from stationery shops to specialty shops, will sell Chinese New Year related trinkets such as lanterns, paper cut-outs, and pussy willow flowers.,Many banks also give out free red packets that are beautifully designed. There is a custom of giving ‘lucky money’ in red packets (‘hong baos’) to the children or those who are still single. The more industrious ones will also create home-made decorations with these red packets.,Age-Old Customs,Other than giving out red packets, Chinese folks also carry Mandarin oranges with them during this period. Relatives and friends exchange pairs of the sweet oranges with auspicious phrases such as ‘Xing Nian Kuai Le’ (Happy New Year) or ‘Gong Xi Fa Cai’ (wealth and prosperity).,Wearing dark coloured clothes is a taboo, especially on the first few days of the holiday. It is preferred that one dons red clothes that are newly purchased during this time. As such, it is common to see many boutiques stock up on red or bright coloured items in the lead-up to the festivities.,If you’re travelling in Singapore during this time, put on a brightly coloured top and you’ll feel right at home.,One-of-a-Kind Experience,Imagine an endless sea of red and gold, upbeat music and smiling faces as you pound the streets of Singapore. During the Chinese New Year period, the happiness and excitement Singaporeans feel is infectious. It is a Chinese holiday, but most Singaporeans, regardless of race, enjoy the foods, sights and sounds that come along with it.,While Singapore may seem like a cool, urban business hub most of the year, she comes to life and reconnects with her roots during this big holiday. There will be an endless number of street performances, showcasing dancers decked in traditional costumes and singers belting out Chinese New Year songs.,It is best to visit a week before Chinese New Year, as merchants would have already set the festive cheer in full swing, but the holiday shopping has yet to go into madness. Visiting on the first few days of Chinese New Year may be a bit of a bummer, as many shops would be closed and Chinatown deserted.,If You Go,Chinese New Year at YourSingapore.com,Chinatown,Chinese New Year,Dining in Singapore,Author Bio: Ling Xin is from Singapore, and likes cooking, reading and rehoming animals. A former print and online journalist, she now spends her time at asiarooms.com/en/community, where she travels and writes about her experiences. Also find her on twitter at @ohhellosailor.,Roving mariachi bands, cockfighting pits, mechanical bulls and outstanding tacos: now that’s real Mexico City dining.,“You like carnitas?” asked Mario-Alberto, my taxi driver. “Yes,” I lied. “You like barbacoa?”,“Yes,” I lied again. I only had a vague notion of what those dishes were. Carne means meat, socarnitas must be something meaty?,While Mario-Alberto changed the topic to how to pick up girls in English, I dwelt on my fabrications. I was in Mexico City on vacation. Why hadn’t I tried barbacoa (meat slow cooked over an open fire or more traditionally in a hole dug in the ground covered with leaves), and carnitas (a simple dish made from small bits or shreds of well browned pork)?,“Señor? Where do you like to eat carnitas and barbacoa?”,“Very good restaurant, Arroyo. In colonia Tlalpan. Is expensive, pero, is good.”,Mario-Alberto writes down the address while driving, making me wonder if I will even live to seeArroyo — or any other restaurant.,Most guidebooks offer the same restaurant advice: each stylish boîte more cleverly designed than the next. If you are lucky, you might pick something authentic off the list. But even those restaurants are full of tourists trying to discover the “real Mexico.” So I started asking Mexicans: where do they find true sabor(taste) of Mexico?,Arroyo,My hostess, Helen, a good friend and intrepid traveler herself, was living in Mexico City for work. We decided to rendezvous there, since I’d never been to Mexico’s capital city before and Helen is a gifted guide.,Now, Helen and I are zooming toward the southern outskirts of the city, passing what looks like a straight-from-Cleveland mall and an unkempt Alcohólicos Anónimos (Alcoholics Anonymous) bureau.,Once we turn on to Avenida Insurgentes Sur, said to be the longest avenue in Central America with a length of 18 miles (28.8 km), things begin to look up.,It’s obvious from the tree-lined streets and smooth pavement that the government has poured money into Tlalpan, the largest of the 16 boroughs into which Mexico City is divided. Revelers from a nearby rodeo cram the pyramid of steps to Arroyo restaurant, which looks like a Mexican theme park.,Nine dining rooms, some of them open air, can hold 2,200 hungry patrons. There is a play area for piñata parties, a cockfighting pit and a mechanical bull, even a bullring. No surprise that Arroyo is thought to be the world’s largest single Mexican restaurant.,Rainbow-colored papel picado banners made from perforated paper hang from the restaurant ceiling, and giant chicharrón (pork skin) fryer stations dot the tile floor. Roving mariachi bands and caricaturists go table to table, and small children take over the stage area. Helen and I are dwarfed by long rectangular tables of 12, 16, 20 people out with their families for some tequila and barbacoa-fueled revelry.,The sopes, little circles of fried maize-based dough piled with refried beans, cheese, salsa, chicken and lettuce, are freakishly good. Arroyo’s barbacoa, is served with stewed young stem segments of the prickly pear cactus, called nopales, and corn tortillas. It has a bit of a wild flavor. The meat falls off the bone.,Virginia Lopez, a manager, comes to speak with us. Spanish deficiencies lead to a surreal moment where Helen, Virginia and I are all mooing and baaing at one another. For the next two days, we think we’ve eaten goat. Finally we figure out that the word Virginia used,carnero, means ram — a male sheep with all its manhood intact.,El Tizoncito,In the famous open-air market in the central borough of Coyoacán, I spot a tiny tent filled with handmade jewelry, including leather bracelets and evil-eye protectors. The two women in the booth look as different as night and day, so it surprises me when they say they are sisters.,Eugenia López-Garza has bleached blond braided pigtails à la Pippi Longstocking and wears a pair of red-rimmed glasses that look like a giant version of talk show host Sally Jessy Raphael’s specs. Her older sister, Adriana López-Garza, has long flowing dark hair, deep almond eyes and claw-like nails that clutch a cigarette.,Eugenia says her favorite place to eat nearby is thetaquería El Tizoncito.,El Tizoncito is actually a chain, owned by the Escalante family for the past 42 years. Though they have eight taquerías and six franchises, only a few trusted people know the family recipe for the seasonings in their trademark taco al pastor (sheperd style).,These are made from a giant hunk of seasoned pork, revolving upright around a rotisserie like Greek gyros or Shawarma spit-grilled meat brought by Lebanese immigrants to Mexico — except here it is grilled with a chunk of pineapple atop, and an onion underneath. The meat is then sliced off along with little bits of onion and pineapple onto corn tortillas, served with cilantro and salsas.,El Tizoncito sells them in pairs, but two aren’t enough. I had about six of them (three plates!), partly because they were so tasty and partly because I lack willpower when it comes to excellent tacos.,The open-air restaurant features high, rectangular tables under a canopy, without walls or bulky window frames to obstruct the fabulous people-watching. Since it was chilly, Helen and I positioned ourselves next to the vertical rotisserie called trompo (spinning top). Its campfire-like qualities and delicious roasted aroma easily made up for the restaurant’s plainness.,El Cardenal,A beautiful sandwich shop manager who looked like the flamenco dancer Joaquin Cortes recommended El Cardenal.,There are three locations. We try the one overlooking the city’s central zócalo square in Calle de Palma 23. We admire the 70s décor: stained glass windows and dark wood spiral staircases against cream-colored walls. Two musicians are serenading the crowd. And there is a crowd.,Though the food is purposefully homey, the service seems the opposite. Staff run around with walkie-talkies and headsets, barking orders. An elevator takes diners upstairs, or to the basement. It all feels a bit Big Brotherish.,Maybe that’s why it’s so popular with Mexico’s political elite. El Cardenal is where President Felipe Calderon and his predecessor Vicente Fox have eaten breakfast. Locals say the two broke bread here at this location a few days before the July 2006 presidential election.,When the media hordes descended upon, Fox said all he knew was that he loved the restaurant’s hot chocolate, conchas (shell-shaped pastries that taste like madeleines) and nata, the creamy layer of fat that rises to the top of whole milk.,El Cardenal’s founders, Doña Oliva Garizurieta and Señor Jesus Briz, married and came to Mexico City in the late 1960s, to revive native Mexican, pre-Spanish cooking.,I tasted other excellent dishes, like huevos revueltos(scrambled eggs), served with black beans, corn tortillas and roasted tomato salsa. But the nata and the conchas are what most patrons (and Mexican presidents, evidently) come for.,Mixed with almond paste and eaten with a spoon, natatasted like English clotted cream gone bad, and looked like baby spit-up. We tried hard to like it, but our gringa taste buds prevented us.,“In Mexico, we have a special relationship with food,” said Tito Briz, son of the owners. “Our restaurant is trying to rescue the cooking of the ancients.”,If You Go,Arroyo Restaurante,www.arroyorestaurante.com,Sarah Wolff is a sub-editor at the Yemen Times newspaper in Sana’a, Yemen. She also contributes to Saveur magazine, the New York Resident and GoNomad.com.,Atop a sun-baked mesa in New Mexico sits the “oldest continuously inhabited” community in North America. The Acoma Pueblo have lived here for more than 1,000 years, and some 300 mud-brick and sandstone structures with no electricity or running water are still used today.,Among the many traditions handed down from New Mexico’s first people, the most visible is the adobe pueblo home. Nowhere is there a better example of this ancient way of life than at Acoma Pueblo (acomaskycity.org), 60 miles west of Albuquerque, New Mexico.,Some 1,500 years ago, certain tribes settled in the area around Albuquerque and Santa Fe in the northwestern part of the state that is now called “Indian Country.” These groups, archaeologists say, are descendants of prehistoric Indians who wandered throughout the southwest from 12,000 to 30,000 years ago.,The Acoma men would dry farm, relying solely on the rain for prosperous vegetation. They would hunt in the reservation valleys and mountains for wildlife (rabbits, turkey, deer, antelope) for survival.,Here, atop a sun-baked mesa 367 feet above the valley floor, sits the “oldest continuously inhabited” community in North America.,Dubbed “Sky City,” the village dates back more than 1,000 years. About 10 to 13 families live on the mesa year-round. Most live in other reservation villages to the north and return for ceremonial events.,About 300 structures fashioned from traditional mud bricks and sandstone (adobe) make up the community. Female tribe members own the flat-roof homes, none of which have running water, sewer or electricity. A lineup of portable potties along a road is a reminder of the primitive conditions.,One home has a sign that reads: “Beware of falling wall in this area.” Some of the homes, however, appear to have been refurbished with newer windows and doors. The Acoma people use propane lanterns and oil lamps for lighting and haul water from a nearby spring up to the mesa top in water containers. They cook and heat their houses with wood stoves.,The highest building is San Esteban del Rey Mission, a Catholic church completed in 1629 after a long battle between the Native Americans and the Spanish conquerors who forced Catholicism by inhuman acts of oppression for more than 100 years.,Today, the natives are comfortable practicing a combination of their ancestral tribal traditions with Catholic teachings.,The Mission, one of the oldest in the nation, looms large above the cemetery of Sky City. The spacious 21,000 square-foot adobe structure was built by the Acoma people during a time when access to the mesa from the valley was only by climbing foot holes in the rock.,Inside, a dirt floor leads up a flight of stairs to the altar. Stations of the Cross in Spanish decor from 1770 adorn the 10-foot thick walls, where some say bodies are buried. The mission is used only for Christmas Eve mass, the St. Esteban Feast Day on September 2 and a tribal feast day in February. Both the mission and the pueblo are national historic landmarks and are on the National Register of Historic Places.,When visitors arrive, the women of Acoma display their hand-crafted pottery on tables outside their homes. Prized by collectors, Acoma Pottery is known for its delicate thin walls and hand-painted designs.,Each design, whether geometric or nature-based, is symbolic and traditional. Bring cash or a checkbook, as only a few of the artists take credit cards. You will not want to miss out on the opportunity to buy one-of-a-kind pieces signed by the artisans. You can also buy pottery and other crafts at the gift shop in the Cultural Center below the mesa.,One-and-a-half-hour walking tours led by Acoma tribal members are offered year-round, but times vary from the March-October schedule and the November-late March time frame. Check in and buy tickets at the modern Sky City Cultural Center at the base of the mesa.,Built in 2006, the materials, colors and design of the Cultural Center are representative of the area and Acoma people. Vans shuttle visitors up and down the road. Those who are hardy enough can choose to climb in the footsteps of the ancestors.,The Haaku Museum in the Cultural Center tells the story of the peaceful, spiritual people of Acoma and their deeply rooted traditions that have endured for 1,000 years.,Also in the Cultural Center is the wonderful Y’aak’a cafe that serves excellent lunches, both traditional Acoma and modern American dishes. The cafe is open 9 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. from March through October.,For pricing, camera permits, dress code, general tour information and annual closures, visit acomaskycity.org.,If You Go,Pueblo of Acoma
I-40, Exit 102
Acoma, NM 87034
800-747-0181
acomaskycity.org,Claudia Carbone is an award-winning journalist based in Denver, Co. She’s a frequent contributor to GoWorldTravel.com. Visit her blog Sleepin Around, a hotel and travel blog.,The number of people embracing the digital nomad lifestyle is increasing. Here’s our take on the current state of digital nomad life.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,When the pandemic all but shut down the world, offices closed, restaurants and gyms were locked up, and travel came to a standstill to forestall the spread of the disease and reduce the impact on medical facilities. Everyone had to make adjustments.  ,One of the adjustments was the expanded opportunity to live the digital nomad life. “When COVID-19 forced employers to go remote, it opened up the possibility of a nomadic lifestyle to entirely new groups of people,” according to an NBC News report. ,Like many others, I had to make changes. Governments everywhere were starting to mandate work from home. I had an opportunity to relocate and returned to my home country in Singapore. After five months, my partner and I started traveling and working throughout Europe. ,Digital nomads – people using technology to work remotely from anywhere in the world – are not new. Steve Roberts is the original digital nomad. He published his “technomadic” lifestyle in Popular Computing Magazine in 1984.,He called his on-the-road lifestyle a common yearning for independence and self-determination. “It’s a universal lust…for freedom,” he said. ,Boosted by the pandemic, digital nomadism was on the rise before coronavirus. According to research, Americans self-describing as digital nomads rose by 49%, from 7.3 million in 2019 to 10.9 million in 2020.,The recent surge is coming from people holding traditional office jobs. “Traditional jobholders now make up a majority of those pursuing this nontraditional work lifestyle,” according to the study. ,The digital nomad life is not without its challenges.  ,I like the flexibility, the control and the integration of work and life. On the flip side, the instability is difficult because of the lack of feeling grounded. Since the pandemic, I have visited nine different cities in five countries.  ,One benefit of being a digital nomad is that you can spend hours intensively at work and then take a break to enjoy things without feeling you are stuck in an office environment. But you have to be disciplined. It is easy to get lazy. You must keep to a routine, even when traveling. ,A successful digital nomad must be self-reliant. Researching everything — including technical capabilities, available lodging, travel requirements, health care and employer support — is imperative.,Talk to your supervisors about your plans. Stay connected and keep your promise. Nothing is worse than breaking their trust because you failed to meet a deadline or stay connected. ,Managing your health and safety as a digital nomad is different compared to vacationers, who travel for short periods, or ex-pats who are abroad in a single location for a year or more. Digital nomads may spend years abroad in multiple destinations, in many countries.   ,There are at least two types of health and safety protections digital nomads should consider, and both should include COVID-related services.  ,One is health care insurance. Your domestic health insurance plan probably does not provide coverage outside your home country, but check before you travel since a favorable answer could save you a lot of money. If you have Medicare, your coverage does not extend outside of the U.S.  ,The other type of protection is for travel crises and medical evacuation. If you get sick or injured anywhere in the world digital nomads need field rescue services that will come get them from the point of illness or injury, including for COVID-19, and medical evacuation if you need continued treatment or hospitalization in your home country.  ,Digital nomadism will continue to expand in a connected world but humans still have a desire for actual face-to-face interactions.,The digital nomad trend will continue as business managers trust that productivity will meet or exceed past performance and employees realize the benefits of working remotely while traveling.,Check out these relevant travel articles:,Author’s Bio: David Koo, a former combat medic and emergency nurse, is an associate director of operations for Global Rescue, the leading provider of medical, security, evacuation and travel risk management services, who become a digital nomad due to the pandemic.  ,Explore the Italian countryside in Umbria, a quiet region in rural Italy filled with vineyards, forests and medieval small towns.,To say that Italy is a spectacular place to visit is a little like saying “ice is cold.”  The wonders of the bel paese, the beautiful country, have been well-documented, and for good reason.,The idea of a “bucket list” was practically made for experiences like touring Rome’s Colosseum or admiring Michaelangelo’s David in Florence. Taking in Italy’s must-sees is unforgettable.,However, when planning our most recent trip to Italy, my husband Mark and I were craving something different. We wanted to spend time in a less celebrated area, one that would really let us get to the heart of this country we’d come to love.,For this reason, it seemed apropos that we chose to visit Umbria, which is also known as il cuore verde or “the green heart of Italy.”,Umbria is the smallest region in Italy, nestled in the center of the country between Tuscany to the east, Lazio to the south, and Le Marche to the west. Few cities there have international name recognition except Assisi of St. Francis’ fame, and perhaps Orvieto, which is a common day-trip for tourists from Rome.,None of our friends or family had ever visited Umbria; some hadn’t even heard of it! While travelers have long been bewitched by neighboring Tuscany, Umbria has remained largely unsung…which is exactly what we wanted. We booked our flights, planned our itinerary, and took a leap of faith.,It didn’t take long to learn to realize that we’d made right choice. After flying into Florence and escaping the madness of the airport, we rented a car and headed southeast. Traffic dwindled. As soon as we crossed from Tuscany into Umbria, we noticed a difference in the landscape.,Although both regions are staggeringly beautiful, Umbria is more wild, gritty, and untamed. It is made up of rolling hills and lush, unspoiled forests, punctuated by small medieval hill towns.  Vast, wooded Lake Trasimeno stretched beside us, breaking up the undulating valley.,The lake was encircled by campgrounds and casual cafes, making the vacation spot both unpretentious, peaceful, and inviting.,We had decided to stay a week in the hilltop hamlet of Montefalco, dubbed “the balcony of Umbria” because of its position on the Colli Martani overlooking the verdant valley below.,Still surrounded by its 12th walls, the village sounded quaint and interesting. GPS made finding Montefalco easy; however, driving our rented Fiat through the narrow alleyways to the top of the town was another story. As we neared the main square, we noticed that it was quite crowded.,I felt nervous—instead of finding a true Italian oasis, had we stupidly picked yet another touristy hot spot?,Mark parked our car and we walked uncertainly toward the small Piazza del Comune, which was alive with activity. We had been instructed to meet the owner of our hotel in a restaurant in the center of town. Soon the owner’s daughter Christina appeared with a key to lead us to the building where we’d be staying.,“Sorry it is so busy right now,” she commented, gesturing to the clusters of people and cars. “Today we are holding our “grandparents’ festival.”,I paused to really appreciate the sight, which charmed me now that I understood it for what it was. People of all ages joined together to play games, share snacks, and socialize. The families barely noticed Mark and me, milling around awkwardly with our luggage.,Montefalco was a living, breathing Italian town whose residents went about their own business, unaware or unconcerned that there were even tourists in their midst. Perfetto!,We spent the next day exploring the town. As I chatted with locals, I quickly realized that English wasn’t readily spoken here. In larger Italian cities, whenever I engaged with people using my very poor Italian, they would quickly assure me that they spoke English. In Montefalco, communication became a beautiful dance.,I used my limited Italian and the people there used their limited English and together we created understanding. We found the people eager to help and make us feel welcome.,When my husband and I walked into a small market to ask where we might find a laundromat, no fewer than six other customers gathered around us to give directions. It seemed that we American tourists were as interesting to the townspeople as they were to us.,Of course, Italy wouldn’t be Italy without wine and olive oil, and Montefalco offers both. Wine has been produced in Montefalco and the surrounding hills since pre-Roman times. Today this is the only area that grows Sagrantino grapes, from which the deep and fruity Sagrantino di Montefalco is made.,Mark is the wine connoisseur in our family, so he was eager to sample this. I was more interested in tasting Umbrian olive oil, arguably the best in the world. We decided to visit Montioni Frantoio and Cantina, a small olive mill and winery run by the same family for decades.,Our guide, Elisa, drove us to the family’s vineyards, where we were invited to taste the explosively sweet Sagrantino grapes right off the vine. Later she led us up a picturesque hillside to a grove of fantoio and moraiolo olive trees.,She pointed out a large, gnarled tree, deferentially explaining, “That one there is the oldest. It’s been here about 135 years.”,It seemed as though she were introducing us to a beloved family member. After touring the grounds, equipment, and cellars, Elisa treated us to a wine tasting along with a banquet of breads, cheeses, cured meats, and fruit, followed by pastries that, we were told, had been freshly baked by Nonna.  For a brief moment, I felt like I belonged to the big Italian family I’d always wanted.,Montefalco proved to be an ideal home base of us. While there we could have happily stayed within the fortress walls for the entirety of our stay, we had the option of visiting other cities in Umbria.,We planned day trips to several and discovered that these towns also provided enlightening “slice-of-life” moments. In Orvieto, our tour guide Magdalena, born and raised there, proudly pointed out the house—in fact, the window of the room– in which she was born. Her father had built the small home years ago, and her sister still lived there.,She delighted in sharing her town with us, eagerly leading us down an alleyway to show us her favorite view of Orvieto’s stunning Duomo and later taking us to the bustling market where she did her shopping.,A storekeeper in Gubbio, while wrapping my purchase, took time to explain that his family had lived and worked there for generations.,He pointed to the name of the store and tapped his chest importantly, exclaiming “See? That is my name!”,Each town felt alive with history, family, and the stuff of real Italian life. This is not to say that Umbria offers little else beyond enjoyable interactions with friendly people. Every town has its own claim to fame; visitors can pick and choose what appeals to them.,Orvieto is known for a history of ceramics and its Orvieto Classico, a lovely white wine made from the Trebbiano and Grechetto grapes. Perugia, the capital of the region, boasts a rich chocolate-making tradition.,Assisi has been a spiritual destination for pilgrims for hundreds of years. Gubbio offers the intrepid traveler an opportunity to take an open funicular up a steep hillside, providing a commanding view.,Cathedrals and churches throughout Umbria showcase many important works of art– pieces which greatly influenced Renaissance masters. Ruins and archeological sites also abound, reflecting the lives of the Etruscan, Umbrii, Roman, and medieval people of Umbria’s past. In short, Umbria embodies all that travelers have come to expect from Italy. These wonders are just delivered a little more subtly, in an environment that feels authentic, not like a theme park.,By the end of our stay, Umbria and her people had captured my heart.  Mark and I reflected that we had found what we had come for— a taste of real Italy, apart from all its museums and UNESCO World Heritage Sites.,It’s true that exploring the region required a little more work than a quick tour of Rome or Venice. We had to struggle to speak a little Italian, do some homework to find what specifically interested us, and travel a bit off the beaten path.,But our efforts were rewarded with ordinary experiences that seemed extraordinary. Seeking out these smaller, unforgettable moments and learning to appreciate their impact have added an entirely new dimension to what I now seek in travel. My “bucket list” will never be the same.,After flying into Florence, it is an easy 3-hour drive southeast to Montefalco. Lake Trasimeno, just beyond the Tuscan border in Umbria, offers a nice spot for a picnic or quick lunch.,Overview of Montefalco:  https://www.tuttomontefalco.it/eng,Montioni Olive Mill and Winery contact information: https://www.gabrielemontioni.it,From Montefalco, it is about a 30-minute drive to Assisi, a 60-minute drive to Gubbio, and about a 90 minute drive to Orvieto.,General Umbria information: www.umbria-italy.org/index.htm,Author Bio: Heidi K. Davis is a former elementary school teacher and mother-of-three. She lives in Highlands Ranch, Colorado, and is eagerly anticipating her next trip.,From the Norwegian fjords to the capital city of Oslo, Norway is well worth the visit.,From the Norwegian fjords to the capital city of Oslo, Norway is well worth the visit. Join Go World Travel editor, Janna Graber, as she tours one of Europe’s hidden gems, traveling from Oslo to the village of Flam, and then through the fjords of Norway to the small port town of Bergen.,Explore one of the most exciting cities in the world on a trip to Milan, Italy. See world famous artwork, historic cathedrals and go shopping in the international fashion capital.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Milan is known as the fashion capital of Italy. It’s home to Italy’s major fashion brands, making it a top shopping destination for many. Walk along Via Montenapoleone in the high-end fashion district of Quadrilatero Della Moda and experience numerous top fashion houses first-hand. ,Milano is also known as the most important business center in northern Italy. Here you’ll see buildings in a wide range of architectural styles, from Renaissance to those with modern glass facades.,Being the center of trading and commerce since ancient times generated considerable wealth leaving Milan with many cultural and architectural jewels.  ,Milan is also a city of art, boasting many museums and galleries. Remarkable churches and castles also contribute to the city’s rich cultural heritage. Sights like the impressive Cathedral Duomo di Milano, La Scala and Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II, along with fascinating castles and hidden masterpieces of well-known artists, debunks Milan’s business and workaholic reputation.,A visit to Parco Sempione is another must. This large park is in the historic city center near the Arch of Peace (Arco Della Pace) and the Sforza Castle. End the day in one of the lovely Milan restaurants enjoying delicious local food and drinking the finest Italian wines.  ,When you’ve finished with the sightseeing of Milan’s landmarks, you can go on a day trip to Lake Como and the nearby town, Bellagio. It takes only one hour ride by car or public transportation. Lake Como is one of the deepest lakes in Europe and is situated in a beautiful environment.,Read our Milan travel guide below to learn more about the top 10 things to do in Milan – and then start your adventure. You can plan your trip with help from Rome2rio. ,When you come to the central city square, Piazza del Duomo, you will be thrilled by the glorious display of the impressive gothic Cathedral Duomo di Milano. The construction of this cathedral began in the 14th century and lasted the next five centuries. It remains one of the largest churches in the world today.,The Milan Cathedral is a city landmark. It has as many as 135 towers, more than 3,000 sculptures and can hold 40,000 people. Interestingly, Napoleon Bonaparte was crowned King of Italy in 1805 in Milan Duomo.,Every year, more than 5 million people from all over the world visit Milan Cathedral. Visitors are allowed to climb to the roof of the Cathedral and enjoy a magnificent view of the city.,See the sights with this tour of the Duomo.,Sforzesco Castle (Castello Sforzesco) is located near the city center and Piazza del Duomo. This medieval fortification was built in the 15th century. It served as the seat of the Milan Duke and later as a fortress of the conquering armies.,After the unification of Italy in the 19th century, the Sforza Castle became a place where the cultural heritage of Milan was kept. It also became one of the main tourist attractions in Milan.,Today, there are six museums you can explore in search of outstanding works of art. These works include a collection of Egyptian art, numerous paintings, tapestries and the last sculpture of the famous artist Michelangelo. ,Take this Sforza Castle Tour.,San Siro is the famous football stadium where popular Italian clubs AC Milan and FC Inter play their matches. With a capacity of 80,000 people, San Siro is one of the largest football stadiums in Europe.,Two World Cups, in 1934 and 1990, as well as four finals of the Champions Cup and the Champions League, were played at San Siro.,The stadium has a unique design recognizable by the high towers in the corners. You can take a San Siro stadium walking tour to learn more about this football temple.,Guided tours are available in a dozen languages. You will hear fascinating stories about the stadium, visit the locker rooms and even go onto the field. At the San Siro Museum, you can see the collection of jerseys that belonged to legendary players.,See more with the best Milan tours and excursions, here.,At the Piazza Della Scala Square, you can see the 18th-century building where the world’s most famous Teatro alla Scala opera house is located.,The impressive interior of the La Scala opera house will leave you speechless. All opera singers and ballet dancers dream of getting on stage in front of more than 2,000 people in La Scala’s grandiose main hall.,You can also visit a museum in the same building. Here you can see ballet costumes, musical instruments and scenery elements from the rich history of this theater.,Check the events schedule during your Milan stay, buy a ticket online in advance, and get ready to enjoy a magnificent show.,Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II is a 150-year-old shopping mall between Piazza del Duomo and Piazza Della Scala. It is known for its beautiful architecture, glass roof and high dome.,Galleria Vittorio Emanuele is one of the most attractive shopping centers in Europe. You will be impressed with the monumental main entrance with its 38-meter-high arch. Attractively detailed mosaics that display Milan, Rome, Torino and Florence coats of arms adorn the interior floor.,You can find many cafes and restaurants, bookstores, jewelry shops and, of course, luxury boutiques of popular brands like Gucci and Prada. Some establishments, like Caffe Biffi, have been here for more than 100 years.,Explore the Milan fashion district with this Art and Fashion City Exploration Game.,Pinacoteca di Brera is the art gallery situated in the old baroque palace in the Brera district. It is one of the most famous Italian museums with a rich collection of paintings. In 38 rooms, you can find masterpieces of artists like Tintoretto, Caravaggio and Raphael.,All paintings are organized according to the period of origin and the painting school they are from. One room is dedicated to works of contemporary art and there you can see paintings by Picasso, Boccioni, Morandi and Modigliani. Brera palace is also home to an astronomical observatory, the National Library and the Academy of Fine Arts.,Furthermore, there are good restaurants in the area so don’t miss the Brera district when you visit Milano.,Explore the Brera district with this Brera District & Pinacoteca Guided Experience.,The Navigli is a system of canals in Lombardy, built in the 12th century. Navigli Pavese and Naviglio Grande are canals that pass through the city of Milan. ,Locals once used these canals to transport goods, like marble used for Duomo’s construction. Today, Navigli is used for irrigation. But the Navigli district, the part of Milan where these canals are located, is also a popular place to go out, featuring several cafes, bars and restaurants.,You can visit “aperitivo” bars near the Navigli Grande canal and enjoy a specific Milanese pre-meal drink with friends.,Explore Milan with this Highlights Walking Tour.,Basilica of Sant’Ambrogio is a Romanesque church from the 4th century. St. Ambrose, patron saint of Milan, built it. Catholics celebrate a major city holiday every 7th of December in his honor.,The complex is dominated by red facade bricks and two bell towers, each higher than the other. In the Basilica’s interior, you can see Stilicho’s Sepulchre, a specially decorated sarcophagus.,There is also a crypt with the remains of Saint Ambrose, Saint Protasus, and Saint Gervasus, all dressed in ceremonious attire. Make sure to visit Basilica’s atrium and portico and see the beautiful frescoes.,Take a tour of the Basilica of Sant’Ambrogio.,Church of Santa Maria Delle Grazie is located just 20 minutes away from Piazza del Duomo. Its construction was ordered by the Duke of Milan Francesco I Sforza in the 15th century. Due to great cultural and historical importance, the church was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1980.,Santa Maria Delle Grazie Church is home to the 8-meters-wide mural of “The Last Supper.” The mural is the masterpiece of the famous renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci and we strongly recommend you see this fantastic piece of art.,Parts of the monastery complex and the church were destroyed during the bombing of Milan in World War II. Thankfully, the wall that holds “The Last Supper” survived the bombing and the painting was restored to last for many years to come. ,Take the Milan Last Supper Tour.,The Leonardo da Vinci National Museum of Science and Technology (Museo Scienza) is a true paradise for all tech lovers.  It was opened in 1953 in the ancient monastery of San Vittore al Corpo, just 20 minutes from Piazza del Duomo. ,The museum has seven departments with machinery, equipment, artwork and documents representing the technology development in the last 200 years.,You can see the first personal computer in history, an Alfa Romeo retro car and dynamo from the first power plant in Europe. There are also spacesuits and a small rock from the Moon collected during the Apollo 17 mission. ,If you like big machines, you can enjoy exhibits of trains from the 19th century, the Toti submarine and military aircraft from WW2.,Visit the Science and Technology Leonardo da Vinci Museum.,Read more in our Italy Travel Guide. ,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,Rembrandt’s 400th birthday is the occasion for a yearlong fete in the Netherlands with art exhibits, walking tours and theatrical events.,After seeing his fellow Dutchman’s paintings at the new Rijksmuseum in 1885, a smitten Vincent van Gogh wrote, “Rembrandt goes so deep into the mysterious that he says things for which there are no words in any language.”,Rembrandt continues to speak to us — so much so that his 400th birthday is the occasion for a yearlong fete in the Netherlands. Art exhibits, walking tours, and even theatrical events about the artist’s love life and genius are part of the celebration.,The birthday bash opens in Amsterdam, where, from a replica of the artist’s Self Portrait as the Apostle Paul painted on the 17th century church where he is buried, Rembrandt looks upon the city like a rock star. Here’s how to join the celebration:,The Rijksmuseum,To augment his income, Rembrandt took in more than 40 pupils. Some of them did such a good job imitating their famed teacher that their works were misattributed to the old master. “Really Rembrandt?” at Amsterdam’s Rijksmuseum, showcases these excellent fakes (through May 24).,The museum’s 60 Rembrandt drawings are also exhibited in “The Storyteller” (August 11 – October 11) and “The Observer” (October 14 – December 31). Along with the Hermitage in St. Petersburg, Amsterdam’s Rijksmuseum owns the world’s largest collection of Rembrandts.,Van Gogh Museum,Next door, the Van Gogh Museum is a stylish setting for “Rembrandt-Caravaggio” (through June 18), in which Rembrandt and Italian painter Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio (1571-1610), two geniuses of northern and southern Europe, “meet” for the first time.,Though Rembrandt never left Holland, he is widely believed to have been influenced by his Italian counterpart’s dramatic use of light and dark. Among the 25 monumental works on display are Caravaggio’s The Supper at Emmaus from London and Rembrandt’s The Blinding of Samson from Frankfurt. Tickets are available at www.rembrandt-caravaggio.nl.,Concurrent to the Rembrandt-Caravaggio blockbuster is a small, but moving, exhibit dedicated to Rembrandt’s influence on the other Dutch master, Vincent van Gogh. Months before his suicide, van Gogh interpreted Rembrandt’s etching The Raising of Lazarus into an oil painting. This haunting work is among the two dozen paintings, drawings and letters on display through June 18.,The Rembrandt House Museum,In honor of its famous resident’s 400th birthday, the museum presents a series of exhibits, most notably “Rembrandt: The Quest of a Genius” (April 1 – July 2). Over 50 paintings and 50 drawings from the 20-year period when Rembrandt lived and worked in the stately house return home.,Since its beginning nearly a century ago, the museum has amassed one of the finest collections of Rembrandt’s etchings. “Rembrandt, the etcher” (July 8 – September 3) thematically displays the innovative works that made him famous in his own time and inspired generations of later artists, including Goya and Picasso.,Art dealer Hendrick Uylenburgh launched Rembrandt’s career and introduced the talented artist to his young cousin, Saskia Uylenburgh, who would become Rembrandt’s wife. “Uylenburgh & Son, Art and Commerce in Rembrandt’s Time” (September 14 – December 10) presents an overview of paintings the dealer sold, including over 20 Rembrandts, together with works by Rembrandt’s competitors, Antonie van Dyck, Govert Flinck, Caspar Netscher and Gerard Lairesse.,The Mauritshuis Museum,Another wonderful setting for Rembrandt’s work is the Mauritshuis Museum, at The Hague. Built as a residence for Johan Maurits van Nassau, the elegant mansion houses an exquisite art collection that includes Johannes Vermeer’s much-loved Girl with a Pearl Earring and View of Delft. Two stories of intimate rooms make this museum feel more like a private art collection.,During “A Summer with Rembrandt” (June 26 – September 18) the museum displays its 10 Rembrandts, including three newly restored works: the artist’s last Self-portrait, Homer and Simeon’s Song of Praise, considered the highpoint of Rembrandt’s Leiden years. Also among the paintings isThe Anatomy Lesson of Dr. Nicolaes Tulp, the first of Rembrandt’s large, prestigious commissions. Like The Night Watch, the painting demonstrates the artist’s gift for infusing group portraits with action and suspense.,Rembrandt’s Leiden,Rembrandt was born July 15, 1606, in the university town of Leiden. Though the van Rijn home is gone, it’s still possible to walk the cobbled streets of the historical city center to some of Rembrandt’s early haunts — the Latin School he attended as a boy; the studio of Jacob van Swanenburgh, his first painting teacher; and Peter’s Church, where his parents are buried.,After a six-month apprenticeship in Amsterdam, 18-year-old Rembrandt returned to Leiden, where, early on, he created paintings that reflected the influence of his teacher in Amsterdam, Pieter Lastman.,Rembrandt’s meticulous religious paintings inspired his student Gerrit Dou who, with other followers such as Frans van Mieris, Sr., went on to establish the Leiden school of fine painters.,In Rembrandt’s day, Leiden cloth (woven fabrics, typically broadcloth) became famous throughout Europe. Inspectors sampled the cloth at the Lakenhal, now Stedelijk Museum de Lakenhal, and Leiden’s municipal museum.,In honor of its favorite son, the museum offers “Rembrandt the Storyteller,” former art collector Frits Lugt’s entire collection of Rembrandt etchings (April 13 – September 3). And, for the first time, Rembrandt’s powerful landscapes can be seen collectively during “Rembrandt’s Landscapes” (October 6 – January 7, 2007).,Rembrandt’s Amsterdam,When Rembrandt moved to Holland’s capital in 1631, the prosperous trading powerhouse was undergoing a real estate boom. Rembrandt lived in two of the new sections, the northwestern Jordaan and eastern Nieuwmarkt. With a special walking-tour map in hand, visitors can experience these and other locations that played an important role in Rembrandt’s adult life.,The artist’s presence can be felt inside the Rembrandt House, especially in his studio, where light streams through the north-facing window onto a large easel. Though Rembrandt’s career flourished here, tragedy continued to strike. After losing three of his four children earlier, Rembrandt’s wife Saskia died after three years in the house, and is buried in the nearby Oude Kerk.,Rembrandt’s lavish lifestyle eventually forced him to auction his art collection, declare bankruptcy and move to a more modest house on Rozengracht. Undaunted, Rembrandt continued painting his series of famous self-portraits, as well as portraits of longtime-companion Hendrickje Stoffels and his son, Titus. These last works are among his most beautiful.,Theater,Rembrandt’s dramatic life comes to stage this summer. Rembrandt, The Musical, at the Royal Carré Theatre (www.theatercarre.nl), focuses on the artist’s turbulent personal life. Characters from Rembrandt’s most-famous painting come to life June 2 – August 6 in Nightwatching, a theatrical installation of images and sound at the Rijksmuseum (www.rijksmuseum.nl), by Welsh director Peter Greenaway.,When Rembrandt died, broke, in 1669, he was buried unceremoniously in an unmarked pauper’s grave in the Westerkerk. He’d likely be amused that in the imposing entrance hall of his house, once lined with paintings for potential buyers, his Minerva, protector of painters, now hangs. Asking price: $46 million.,If You Go,Amsterdam Rembrandt Events,www.rembrandt400amsterdam.com,Rembrandt walking-tour booklets are available at Amsterdam tourism offices and the Rembrandt Reception Hall, next to the Lakenhal, in Leiden.,Amsterdam Tourism,www.visitamsterdam.nl,I Amsterdam Card,www.iamsterdamcard.com,Available online, the I amsterdam card includes free museum admission and public transportation.,Train schedules between Amsterdam, Leiden and The Hague,www.ns.nl,This German city is known as a financial hub but there are so many more things to do in Frankfurt, from city sights to delicious food markets.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Frankfurt is an interesting combination of futuristic 200-meter-high glass skyscrapers and charming old squares, with historical buildings of wonderful architecture. Both make a striking contribution to Frankfurt’s skyline.,This old city has long been an essential economic and commercial center. Even today, Frankfurt, Germany, is a significant financial, trade and transportation center. However, that’s not all the city has to offer.,You can also enjoy cultural events such as Frankfurt Book Fair, explore some of the many museums and wander through Goethe’s childhood home. Or simply relax at the parkland that runs along both banks of the Main River.,With 700,000 inhabitants, Frankfurt is the fifth German city in size, behind Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne. The city is on the river Main, located in the province of Hessen, in the western part of Germany. Hence, the city’s full name is Frankfurt am Main. An interesting fact is that Frankfurt Airport is one of the largest in Europe, with 60 million passengers passing through each year.,Frankfurt houses the headquarters of the European Central Bank and Deutsche Bank, as well as the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.,This contributes to Frankfurt being the largest financial center in the Eurozone. Plus, the whole financial district got the nickname Mainhattan because of the high concentration of skyscrapers.,Frankfurt is also a city of museums. You can see the dinosaur skeletons at the Senckenberg Natural History Museum, significant works of art at the Stedel Museum and interactive displays at the Deutsches Filmmuseum.,Plus, testimonies about the suffering of the Jews during the Second World War can be seen at the Jewish Museum. It’s worth mentioning that this amazing city also hosts the best European book and car fairs.,You can stroll through the old city center of Romemberg to enjoy lovely architecture and the pedestrian bridge Eiserner Steg. It is the historical iron bridge that was destroyed in WWII but was later reconstructed. The bridge connects the city center with the Sachsenhausen district.,If you love shopping, you will admire Zeil street, thanks to the many boutiques and shops. It is located near Hauptwache Square, known as the heart of Frankfurt.,In searching for good nightlife in Frankfurt, you can visit many restaurants and bars, where you will find the best German beer and wine. We recommend trying Apfelwein, an apple wine that is served in characteristic diamond-patterned glasses.,Frankfurt is very well connected by public transportation to other German cities and regions. That means you can easily go on a day trip by train to the nearby cities of Cologne and Heidelberg.,Palmengarten is one of the main tourist attractions in Frankfurt. This botanical garden was opened to the public in 1871 and covers 22 hectares. It hosts many tropical plants and exhibition rooms.,You can explore the Palmenhaus with subtropical palm trees and the Garden of Rhododendrons with species from Asia and North America. Plus, don’t miss the beautiful Rose Garden.,At the highest point of the garden, you can find The Rockery, a rocky hill with a fantastic waterfall and a stunning view.,There are 14 Greenhouses of various sizes. Visit The Alpine house to see the plants from the Island of Tasmania. The Tropicarium houses plants from the savanna and the Subantarctic house, where you can see the plants from Patagonia.,Visiting the Main Tower is a must if you want to experience the best sightseeing spot in Germany. The 200-meter-high building was opened to the public in 2000 and named after the river Main.,It is mostly known for its curved window facade and rooftop observation deck. However, the Main Tower is also an extremely energy-efficient building with one of the fastest lifts in Germany.,The building, located in the Innenstadt district, hosts offices of several financial institutions, banks and law firms. On the 53rd floor, you can find the restaurant, with an amazing panoramic view of the city. Inside the Main Tower, you can also see the video installation, the wall mosaic and other contemporary art pieces.,Naturmuseum Senckenberg is a historical museum situated at the neo-baroque building, with collections from different eras of Earth’s history. You can see exhibits of birds, fish, mammals, insects and 18 dinosaur skeletons.,The list of permanent exhibits also includes those about human evolution and geological processes on Earth. In addition, there are special exhibits about the tropical coral reef and the climate.,Get a guided tour of educational programs to learn more about the exhibitions. Also, we recommend visiting the “Aha?!” science lab, where you can talk to scientists and join them in real research projects.,The Stadel Museum is Germany’s oldest museum. It was established by the businessman Johann Friedrich Stadel in the 19th century. You can see  Renaissance, Baroque and modern art collections from the 14th century to the 21st century.,There are more than 3,000 paintings, 100,000 drawings, 500 photographs and 600 sculptures. The most significant collections include masterpieces by remarkable artists such as Sandro Botticelli, Vermeer, Rembrandt, Monet and Picasso. The museum also offers a library with 115,000 books, audio guides in English, a cafe, and a bookshop.,The Stadel Museum is also part of the Museumsufer, which includes notable museums on both banks of the river Main. These include the Ethnological Museum, German Film Museum, German Architecture Museum, Jewish Museum and others.,Frankfurt Cathedral, also known as Frankfurter Dom, is a Roman Catholic Church dedicated to St. Bartholomew. That Gothic cathedral was built of red sandstone in the 14th 15th centuries on the foundation of an earlier church from the Merovingian time.,From the 16th to the 18th century, it was a Holy Roman Empire coronation church where 10 kings were crowned.,The interior of the imperial cathedral was demolished during World War II but was reconstructed after the war. Today, Frankfurter Dom is the largest religious building in Frankfurt, with a 95-meter tall tower. You can climb via 328 steps to the viewing platform and enjoy a city view.,Romerberg is the historical center of Frankfurt’s old town, known as Altstadt. You can see traditional half-timbered houses around you and the medieval Fountain of Justice in the middle of the square.,Since most buildings were destroyed in WWII, local authorities reconstructed the main Frankfurt Square in the past decades and built new buildings by following the original plans. The square is dominated by the Romer building complex (City Hall), the seat of the Frankfurt city administration.,At Romerberg, you will find many cafes, shops, craftsmen’s workshops and museums. We recommend visiting St Nicholas Church, St Paul’s Church and the Historical Museum.,The square is also well known for Christmas Markets and imperial coronations. In addition, you can experience the exciting Coronation Route, a walking tour through the colorful historic old town.,Did you know that Frankfurt is the birthplace of the famous German poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe? He was born there in 1749.,The writer’s house was destroyed during WWII but was restored in 1951. The lovely building’s facade is a mixture of the Rococo and Baroque styles. The Goethe House has four levels, 18 rooms and beautifully decorated staircases.,Today, at the Goethe House, you can see furniture, artifacts and paintings from Goethe’s childhood, including his writing room.,Next to the Goethe House, you can visit the Goethe Museum and explore a 14-room gallery with artworks from the 18th century.,Welcome to Kleinmarkthalle, a main food market in Frankfurt. It is located in a 1,200 square meter art-deco hall and contains over 60 stallholders with various products. There you can find fresh fruits and vegetables, numerous cheese types, regional wines and tasty cakes. There are also bakeries, butchers and fishmongers.,We recommend tasting the delicious local specialties, such as “Green Sauce”, or buying international spices from various parts of the world, beautiful flower arrangements, or Frankfurt’s best espresso.,The amazing food market is open from Monday to Saturday, from 8 AM until 6 PM.,The Museum of Modern Art (MMK) was opened in June 1991. On 3,500 square meters of exhibition space, you can find the permanent collection, which includes over 5,000 artworks, as well as temporary exhibitions.,The three-story museum building of triangular shape also includes workshops, a lecture hall and depots. You can see paintings, drawings, photographs, video installations and sculptures from the 20th and 21st centuries.,The foundation for the museum collection was laid when the city of Frankfurt purchased works from the former Karl Ströher collection. This mainly consists of artworks belonging to Pop Art and Minimalism.,Some of the most famous authors of the artworks represented here are Andy Warhol, Carl Andre and Roy Lichtenstein.,The MMK is open every day, except Monday, from 11 AM to 6 PM.,The Old Opera House, or Alte Oper, is one of Germany’s most stunning concert halls. It is in Innenstadt, the central city district of Frankfurt am Main.,The opera building was constructed in 1880, but it was ruined during the Second World War. Almost four decades after, in 1981, the building was restored and open to the public.,Now it has two concert halls, many foyers and salons for conventions. The Large Hall has a capacity of 2,500 people and it is well known for its great acoustics. The Mozart Hall has 700 seats.,You can attend a vast range of concerts there and enjoy jazz, rock, blues, and classical music. The Old Opera House is also an important congress center, with around 50 events per year.,In front of the Old Opera House building, you can admire a lovely decorated square, Opernplatz, with a beautiful fountain.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty homemade lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,Frankfurt is a vibrant and bustling city in central Germany that offers a wealth of activities and attractions for visitors of all ages and interests. Whether you’re interested in culture, history, food, or simply enjoying the outdoors, there’s something for everyone in Frankfurt.,If you haven’t been to the Balkans yet and you like adventures, put North Macedonia’s scenery on your bucket list.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,During my journeys, I always seek conversations with fellow travelers. Especially in remote and non-touristy countries, such an exchange of knowledge often enhanced my backpacking experiences by providing valuable insider tips.,Between the months of December and March 2022 (after I learned that I will move away from Germany to start a new job in California), I committed myself to visiting as many countries in and around Europe as possible, including North Macedonia.,Just like its neighbors, Albania and Kosovo, this place is still not considered a “tourist country”. Why is that? I seriously have no idea. People seem to simply not know how much these places have to offer.,When talking to friends, first reactions varied from “there is nothing, why do you even want to go there?” to “that’s just dangerous, don’t do that!”.,Misinformation and memories of a long-forgotten past seem to prevent people from considering Balkan countries as travel destinations.,Contrary to such expectations, North Macedonia in particular has various breathtaking and untouched nature spots to explore without competing on small hiking trails with hundreds of tourists.,One such beautiful destination that I visited during my trip to North Macedonia in spring 2022 is Matka Canyon. ,Matka Canyon, which is located close to the border of Kosovo, can easily be reached by car. The streets are well maintained and appropriately mapped when using Google Maps (or any other online navigation software/app).,Basically, there are two main hubs from which a journey to Matka Canyon can be started.  The first, which is also the closest to the canyon, is Skopje, the capital of North Macedonia. It takes only about half an hour to get to Matka Canyon when leaving anywhere from the city center.,Alternatively, leaving from Pristina, Kosovo, also represents an equally reasonable alternative. Although with roughly 100 km distance to the canyon this starting point is a bit further away, the 1.5-hour drive mostly uses a highway in very good condition.,I personally like the idea that the canyon is easily accessible from two cities that have international airports.,Whether you are already travelling through the Balkans and want to include the canyon in your itinerary, or simply looking for an affordable and quick way in and out, the canyons’ location doubles the possibilities for both flexibility and saving money. ,Although the friendly voice of my mobile phone told me that I had reached my destination, I didn’t quite believe it yet. I entered a bigger parking structure and had a building to my right that most likely was a restaurant or information center.,I couldn’t really tell, since it was closed and had no outside information anywhere. To my left, there was Treska river (which makes sense when looking for a canyon filled with water, right?). Ahead of me, I was facing a street that was only half as wide as the one I just entered on.,I briefly looked at the GPS map again and got assurance that, in fact, the canyon was right in front of me. So, I decided to just see where the narrow street would take me to.,Only about 20 seconds later, I reached a small area that reminded me of a dead-end within a residential area.,A few cars were parked in all kinds of ways and orientations. Some parallel to a wall, some facing the middle of the street. I couldn’t really figure out if this spot was an actual parking structure or simply an area that cars could use to turn around. Luckily, there was also a taxi parking.,The guy sitting on the driver’s seat was smoking a cigarette and had his legs hanging out of the window. “A good and reliable source of information if he speaks English” I thought and walked up to him while I maintained the engine of my car on (yes, it was quite cold at that time of year/day).,His English wasn’t the best, but he was more than helpful to answer my two questions. He first assured me that I can leave my car right where it was parked and also pointed out the way I should follow in order to reach the entrance to the canyon.,It was a narrow footpath that could have easily been overlooked if not specifically pointed out. I followed it and entered the main area of the canyon after passing the Matka Dam during a 2-minute walk.,The thing I liked most about the entrance area of Matka Canyon in Macedonia was the fact that it was quite small and easy to figure out. To my left, there was the river and to my right, a rocky cliff. This left me with only one way to go, straight ahead.,As I was walking further along the cobblestones, I reached a little wooden cabin that was just in the process of opening for business (I got there early at about 09:00 am). I asked the service employee what there was to do and received a simple but straightforward answer: Restaurant, Kayak, and Boot Tour.,And that’s exactly what you can do when visiting the canyon. It doesn’t sound like much but is definitely enough. I sometimes feel that too many options make it way harder to decide anyways. So whatever shape people are in, there is an option for everyone to explore the canyon.,Either all alone or via a guided boat trip. As usual, I wanted to take my time, take as many pictures as possible, and wanted to combine my adventure with a proper workout. Hence, I decided to follow the hiking path alongside the river first.,For someone (like me) that is afraid of heights, this trail can be a bit challenging at parts. Every once in a while, I reached higher altitudes while at the same time having a steep drop to my left. ,To be honest, although I felt a bit uncomfortable sometimes, it wasn’t a big deal after all. Since this is a hiking path, turning around is always an option. So even if you are unsure, go for it and see how long you can do it. ,After about one hour, I decided to turn around. I wanted to by inside the canyon when the sun reached its highest position in the sky, not casting any shadows of the surrounding cliffs on the water’s surface. At roughly 11.00 am, I got back to the wooden cabin and rented a one-person kayak.,I was told to walk down the water’s edge and waited on a floating platform for 15 minutes. ,After I was told that putting a life vest on was mandatory, I entered my kayak and was free to go. Before I began my journey on water, I quickly asked the guy from the rental place if there was anything special to see inside the canyon.,He said that there was nothing but a cave on the left about 2 miles up the canyon and that there was a spot to stop with the kayak. Good enough for me, so I headed out.,To be honest, the up-river kayaking by myself was way more exhausting than I thought. First of all, I obviously had to permanently fight against the current. As soon as I got up to a certain speed, it felt not as hard anymore.,The problem was that I kept floating back down the river every time I stopped paddling so I could take pictures. Basically, five minutes of taking pictures or flying the drone eliminated the entire process of kayaking for 10 minutes.,Accordingly, I always had to carefully chose where and for how long I would stop to use my camera. The problem with that: After every corner, there was another beautiful view. ,After over an hour on water, I started to desperately look for what could be the platform I was supposed to stop in order to get to the cave. There was neither a GPS signal nor any other glue in the canyon that pointed out how far I had traveled so far.,It was about 1.5 hours into my journey when I was about to turn around and spotted another kayak, which had two people in it, coming up the river. Before making any irrational decision, I decided to wait and talk to them (maybe they also wanted to check out the cave and knew more?).,I slowly drifted back down the river as the other kayak got closer to me. Starting a conversation was very likely and easy, since the three of us were the only ones in the canyon.,My two new Spanish friends (Alessandro and Sergio) told me that they were also searching for Vrelo Cave, so we decided to move on together. While talking to each other, none of us really focused on the exhausting journey anymore.,15 minutes after we combined our journeys, we saw a wooden dock to our left. It looked lopsided and partly disappeared in the water. “Could that really be it?” we were asking ourselves? In fact, it looked so “off” that we decided to move further up the river.,Only after not seeing anything else that made sense for 20 more minutes, we decided to turn around and stop at the shady platform to see where it would lead us to. Stopping and exiting the kayak wasn’t as easy as we expected.,My Spanish friends had the advantage of having 2 pairs of hands, so while Sergio could hold on to the platform, Alessandro got out to help unload everything. I, being by myself, would probably not have been able to get out of my kayak.,At least not without running a high risk of losing either the kayak itself or my backpack (that I was holding onto while exiting). ,After we all exited our kayaks, we walked up some stairs and indeed found the entrance to Vrelo Cave. However, there was nobody in or around the cave. On top of that, the inside of the cave was pitch black.,We were walking around for a while, and again started to become very unsure about our whereabouts again. All of a sudden, Alessandro said that he found a cable attached to the lights inside the cave. These cables led us straight to a generator next to a wooden map, showing the pathways inside the cave.,“Let me handle it, I am an engineer” Alessandro said while he checked the fuel level and started the power unit. ,Magic! The lights in the cave turned on and we happily walked in. We decided to make it quick since we didn’t really know how stable the generator would run. The way down the cave was slippery and quite dangerous, even with the little light we had. ,The last thing we wanted was to get stuck inside the inside of a dark cave that neither of us knew. 10 minutes later, we were outside again, turned the generator off, and peacefully floated back down the river while having a good conversation. ,Were we allowed to turn on the generator and enter the cave all by ourselves? Until today, we don’t really know. We decided to not bring more attention to the matter once we returned to the floating platform of the rental place.,After all, the service people told both me and my Spanish friends about the cave, so we assumed they must have known. Before separately heading home, we decided to grab something to eat together at the restaurant overlooking the river.,Later at night, we all met in Skopje for some drinks as well. Isn’t it great that almost every adventure comes with new friends?,As mentioned above, being able to get to Matka Canyon from either Pristina (Kosovo) or Skopje (North Macedonia) gives you more than just one option. I personally recommend using search engines like Momondo or Skyscanner.,With such search engines, you can enter multiple variables (airports) and filter out your best options very easily by flight time, price, or stopover options. This comes in handy when having to airports to choose from (Pristina and Skopje).,Either way, a rental car in Macedonia is definitely the most flexible option, especially because prices are relatively cheap and it is possible to cross borders within the Balkan countries.,Exclusively the option of crossing over to Albania usually costs an extra fee at most car rental places due to the extremely bad road conditions there. When looking for cheap rates of rental cars, I highly recommend billigermietwagen.de.,It has never failed my needs and offers solid and well-known dealerships. As for the hotels, there is not really a specific way that gives you benefits, such as cheap prices.,Since there are so many affordable options to choose from in Macedonia, any website, such as booking.com or hotels.com, will work just fine.,However, if you decide inside Matka Canyon itself, there is only the Canyon Matka Hotel & Restaurant, which is right at the water’s edge. Since it is the only hotel inside the nature park, it is a bit pricier (still not overpriced for what it is at all).,What I find particularly awesome about Matka Canyon is the fact that it generally does not charge an entrance or parking fee. So technically you could just drive there and go for a hike. It wouldn’t cost you a cent, isn’t that cool?,Obviously, renting out a kayak or booking a boat trip will cost a bit of money.  At the time of my visit, the prices for kayaks were about 5 Euros per hour.,The guided boat trip was roughly the same in price and took about 30 minutes (15 minutes up the river and then back).,If you haven’t been to the Balkans yet and you like adventures as well as outstanding landscapes and nature sceneries, I highly recommend putting North Macedonia on your bucket list before tourism swaps over. ,Ready to plan a truly unique vacation to Macedonia? Start planning with knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the best flight deals, train tickets and ground transportation options in Macedonia, check out OMIO Travel Partner.,Read our articles about other exciting destinations below:,Author Bio: Thomas Später is an experienced backpacking traveler that specializes in adventurous trips around the globe. He has traveled to remote and exotic places, such as Namibia or Mongolia and focuses on landscape and wildlife photography to share the beauty of our planet with others. In 2021, Thomas published a (German) book about Overpopulation and overconsumption (Die Überbevölkerung). With his awareness of current global issues, he uses his travels to support particularly local hotels and restaurants to raise awareness for the nature and culture of his destinations. ,At Christmastime, Germany becomes a festive wonderland. Here’s how it’s celebrated in the German state of Hesse.,A light snow is falling as I make toward the twinkling lights ahead. My friends and I are headed to the Christmas market in Fulda, Germany, and there’s a sense of anticipation in the air.,Christmas, a time of enchantment and traditions, transforms the entire country into a festive wonderland.  ,Christmas is one of my favorite times to visit Germany. I’ve visited during the holidays several times over the years, and each time, I leave wanting to return.,One December, my husband, Benjamin, and I rented a car and visited small-town Christmas markets along the Danube. Another time, we visited the sprawling Christmas markets in Ulm and Regensburg.,My journey this year has led me to the German state of Hesse in central Germany, where the Christmas markets are not just events but a huge part of the community.  ,Germany’s celebration of Christmas is more than just a holiday; it’s a cultural phenomenon. The entire country is adorned with twinkling lights, festive decorations, and a spirit of togetherness.,Christmas markets, or “Weihnachtsmärkte,” are at the heart of this celebration, offering a glimpse into Germany’s rich traditions.,German Christmas traditions blend treasured customs with modern twists. The air is filled with the aroma of spiced wine and the melodies of carolers, creating an atmosphere that’s nothing short of magical. Each town or city has its unique version of the Christmas market. We plan to stop at several of them.   ,After flying into Frankfurt, the largest city in Hesse, we had started our journey in the small medieval town of Seligenstadt, about a 45-minute drive from Frankfurt.,We strolled through its Old Town, filled with quiet cobbled streets and half-timbered houses, and stopped at the Kloster Seligenstadt, a Benedictine abbey with a rich history. Today, it makes some of the best bread I’ve ever tasted.,The Seligenstadt Christmas market was just getting set up, so we continued to the town of Fulda.,Fulda is known as the most beautiful baroque town in Hesse. With around 70,000 inhabitants, it’s big enough to have a vibrant city life, but still small enough to have the feel of a small community.,During the day, we toured its well-preserved Old Town, adorned with stunning baroque architecture. A highlight was a tour of the Fulda Cathedral, which was built in the 18th century by famous master builder Johann Dientzenhofer. Though originally a Catholic Church, that changed after the Reformation. Today it’s an Episcopal church. It was damaged in WWII but still stands tall today.,Now, as evening falls, we make our way to the traditional Christmas market in Fulda’s historic square. Light snow glistens in the twinkling lights that adorn each market stall. Many local vendors offer handcrafted ornaments and regional specialties.,The Fulda Christmas market has a program to support smaller local vendors who can only afford to rent stalls for a week or two. This provides visitors with products that you normally wouldn’t see in a Christmas market.,The Fulda Christmas market has several distinct sections, including a gourmet market, a medieval village, a Christmas Land for children and even a festive winter forest. ,My favorite part of Christmas markets is always the food and drink. Glühwein is the most popular drink, but I also like the hot apple wine and steaming cups of hot chocolate.,Gluhwein, also known as mulled wine, is a traditional winter beverage that has its roots in European holiday traditions. The name “gluhwein” is derived from the German words “glühen,” meaning to glow, and “wein,” meaning wine.,Typically made with red wine, various spices such as cinnamon, cloves, and star anise are added to the mixture, along with orange peel and sometimes sugar. The concoction is then heated, allowing the spices to infuse into the wine and creating a warm, flavorful drink that is especially popular during the colder months, especially at Christmas markets.,Every Christmas market creates a special Glühwein mug for the season. I’ve gathered quite a nice collection of them over the years.,In one corner of the Fulda Christmas Market, a Merry-Go-Round has been turned into seating, so we linger there to enjoy our food. Cupping the warm mug in my hands, I drink my Glühwein and try several dishes from nearby food stands.,We even sample an excellent vegan hot dog, which is made with a carrot, greens, a bun, and savory sauces. Traditional dishes include pretzels, candied nuts, sausages and more.  ,Our next stop, Marburg, with its medieval Old Town and half-timbered houses, promises a day of picturesque exploration. The town was once home to the famous Brothers Grimm, who recorded and shared fairy tales that would charm children for generations.,On a tour of Marburg, we follow a section of the Grimm-Dich Path, a trail dedicated to the Brothers Grimm. We pass whimsical sculptures of their stories, including the huge red shoe of Cinderella. Lunch at Buckingsgarten, a lovely restaurant nestled in a captivating garden, fuels our journey through Marburg’s festive streets.,The Traditional Dagobertshäuser Christmas Market in Marburg is small but charming. Held in a tidy square, it has a romantic atmosphere as well as warm buildings where visitors can eat. I like the warm apple cider donuts and fried churros with several choices of toppings.  ,The final leg of our Hessian Christmas adventure takes me to Kassel, where history and whimsy converge.,A highlight of Kassel is no double the massive Wilhelmshöhe Palace, a UNESCO World Heritage site. Established in 1786 for Count Wilhelm IX, it is now an important museum that is home to the Old Masters Picture Gallery. The exhibits showcase more than 500 years of regional history.,The palace has more than 590 acres of gardens which are a magical winter wonderland. After exploring the museum, we head into the gardens, following snow-covered paths through the trees. It was nothing short of magical.,Another popular attraction in Kassel is GRIMM Welt, a museum dedicated to preserving the legacy of the Brothers Grimm and their timeless fairy tales.,The Brothers Grimm, Jakob Ludwig Karl Grimm (born on January 4, 1785) and Wilhelm Carl Grimm (born on February 24, 1786), were German scholars, linguists, philologists, and folklorists. They are best known for compiling and popularizing traditional European folktales. The most famous collection of their fairy tales is “Grimm’s Fairy Tales” (“Grimm’s Märchen” in German), first published in 1812.,The Grimms’ fairy tales include well-known stories such as “Cinderella,” “Snow White,” “Hansel and Gretel,” “Little Red Riding Hood,” and many others. Over time, their collection has been translated into numerous languages and has become a significant part of world literature. The tales have been adapted into various forms of media, including theater, film, and animation, and they continue to captivate audiences worldwide,The journey through GRIMM Welt is a mesmerizing exploration of the lives and creations of Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm. The exhibition unfolds their life stories alongside the origins of their fairy tales. Innovative multimedia displays, interactive exhibits, and a rich collection of artifacts transport visitors back to the 19th-century world that inspired these iconic storytellers.,Fairy Tales are the theme of Kassel’s famed Christmas Market. Aptly called the Kassel Fairy Tale Christmas Market, it highlights one fairy tale each season. This year, the famous character is Snow White.,A post shared by Janna Miller Graber (@jannatravels),The Christmas market is buzzing with activity as local families and friends enjoy the festive atmosphere. The market kicks off with the appearance of Santa Claus himself, who flies over the market in a blaze of twinkling lights.,The market’s stalls are a treasure trove of handcrafted goods, unique gifts, and festive treats. From intricately crafted ornaments to steaming mugs of spiced mulled wine, each vendor adds to the market’s charm.,I can’t resist indulging in local delicacies, starting with Schaumküssen (foam kisses), sweet marshmallow-like concoctions covered in chocolate, available in many different flavors.,The Kassel Fairy Tale Christmas Market is not just a place to shop; it is a chance to step into the local community. Children delight in all the kid-friendly activities, including an appearance by Snow White herself.,In the heart of Hesse, Germany, Christmas is more than a season; it’s a journey through German culture and tradition. Perhaps that’s what makes it such a special place to celebrate the season.,Explore Sydney’s southern sister city, Wollongong or the ‘Gong’ and discover a vibrant, youthful, picturesque Australian gem.,While Sydney steals the crown jewels of Australian tourism, not far to its South lies another extremely stylish, exuberantly vibrant and eclectically trendy city – Wollongong, or the ‘Gong’.,Lying just over 80 km south of Sydney, Wollongong is a jewel in its own right. Growing by the coast, sandwiched between the Illawarra escarpment and the Tasman Sea.,It is the third largest city in the state of New South Wales after senior sibling Sydney and coaling cousin Newcastle, and the tenth largest overall in the country.,In its beach-side, littoral existence, ensconced in sun, sea and sand, Wollongong is a sassy embodiment of perfect Australiana.,Its moniker remembers the original Aboriginal clans that lived here and is said to be derived from the Dharawal name ‘woolyungah’ meaning five islands – which can be spotted even today from a good vantage point.,The first Europeans to have come to this part were famous English navigators, George Bass and Matthew Flinders (the latter being credited with giving the nation its name) who were exploring the coast from Port Jackson by the sea in 1796 – less than a decade after the establishment of the colony in 1788.,As Sydney began to grow, the region attracted cedar cutters and then graziers, while the discovery of coal in 1797 by George Bass gave early indications of economic activity that would power Wollongong’s economic heart for decades thereafter. Yet, it was not until 1942 that it was declared a city of its own.,Today, Greater Wollongong stretches all the way from Stanwell Park in the North to Shellharbour in the South. It stretches over 60km and includes an energetic university, a botanic garden larger than Sydney’s flagship garden, an Australian seaport and one of Australia’s largest industrial complexes in Port Kembla.,With its long sandy beaches interspersed with quaint suburbs, brilliant hiking and cycling trails, reserves and gardens, Wollongong is a beautiful city with stylish suburbs. There are lots to keep one busy for days if not weeks, irrespective of age.,Nonetheless here are some of Wollongong’s top draws:,Despite its severely unromantic name, Bald Hill is perhaps the most picturesque of many lookouts scattered across Wollongong. Overlooking the indigo waters of the Tasman Sea, the lookout peers below at the township of Stanwell Tops and an eponymous beach that has seen a lot of aviation history.,It was here on these hills and on the beach that legendary Australian engineer and aviator, Lawrence Hargrave perfected his box-kites and aviation theories that would, later on, inspire the Wright Brothers to invent the aeroplane.,The driveway to the lookout, named after Lawrence, and a plaque at Bald Hill pay obeisance to this pioneer, who never patented his works so that they could be used by other scientists around the world to further innovation.,Interestingly, Bald Hill today is a hub for hang-gliders and paragliders and a visit on a weekend will guarantee the sight of colourful gliders floating like tinsel almost meditatively against bright skies and blue seas.,Come winter, the lookout becomes an excellent vantage point to seek Humpback whales as well, that travel through these waters to the north in the calving season. ,Also visible is Wollongong’s contribution to the world of bridges – the Seacliff Bridge, an engineering marvel along the Grand Pacific Drive that snakes and swerves along the steep cliffs, leading to Wollongong City. ,If you like hiking, you can walk across the Seacliff Bridge and soak in the amazing sea breeze. Alternately, not far from the Bald Hill lookout is the Otford lookout, from where commences an amazing but long walk in the Royal National Park to the Figure 8 pools – tidal rockpools that look like, guess what, the number 8!,Irrespective of caste, creed, cult or culture, the Nan Tien temple should be on your must-see list if you land in Wollongong or even Sydney.,Built by a Taiwanese Buddhist order in 1995, it is one of the largest Buddhist temples in the southern hemisphere and looks gigantic and impressive with its saffron-coloured sprawling roofs and an eight-storied pagoda that is visible from far as you drive on the hilly ridges entering Wollongong.,The Nan Tien temple oozes in peacefulness as you absorb the calmness of the temple precincts, while simultaneously feeling belittled in its huge courtyards.,Indulge in a bit of shnirin-yoku or nature-walking in the Japanese gardens, chuckle at the many children statues scattered all over the complex, push a heavy, wooden gong on the top of a scenic hill to resonate in its monastic timbre, or participate in tai-chi, meditation or calligraphy lessons to cleanse your soul and mind.,If anything, you can sit peacefully and look at the many Buddha Statues enshrined in the temple to ponder on your Ikigai.,Once named Tom Thumb’s lagoon by Australian circum-navigator Matthew Flinders, Lake Illawarra today thankfully remembers the name given by the local Tharawal and Wadi Wadi people instead of a fairy tale character, after whom Flinders had named his own boat that had anchored in this lagoon in 1797.,As a large natural body of water, it was a source of spirituality, besides food, to these local aboriginal people, of whom, many burial sites and middens have been discovered all around the lake.  ,The lake, or rather lagoon, buzzes with water sports and activities, particularly in summer, and you can indulge in some easy paddleboarding or kayaking on its calm waters.,Alternately, one can walk or cycle on the Illawarra art trail by the lagoon that showcases local works that recollect the Aboriginal history and local flora and fauna of the region.,The entrance of the lagoon from the sea, at Windang, looks beautiful in the interplay of sea and silt, with easy accommodation available overlooking the waters.,Yet another scenic lookout on the Illawarra escarpment looming over the Wollongong region is the Mt. Keira lookout. The hill casts its sentinel shadows over Wollongong and is distinctly visible from most parts of the city.,The Mt. Keira lookout provides gorgeous panoramic views and one can easily trace the most popular travel destinations of Wollongong including its many beaches, the resplendent Nan Tien temple, lake Illawarra, the bustling Port Kembla region, as well as the sparkling white lighthouses of Wollongong city. ,The lookout is part of the Botanical Gardens sitting directly underneath its shadow and has a 5.5km walking track through eucalyptus forests that starts and ends at the lookout.,Contrary to expectations – and in line with Wollongong’s naming traditions – Keira is apparently an Aboriginal term meaning lagoon (the Illawarra Lake) or high mountain, or even a rendition of Geera, daughter of the West wind, who turned to stone in her isolation, while her five other sisters were thrown into the sea by the West Wind for misbehaving, which eventually gave Wollongong its name.  ,Mt. Keira was once a large coal-mining centre, its high-grade coal being much sought after in Asia. Coal was despatched downhill to the Wollongong wharf by horse carts initially and then via trams – the extant tramlines of which have been preserved even today on the city’s waterfront.,The Botanic Gardens at Wollongong is situated underneath Mt. Keira in the aptly named suburb of Keiraville.,It includes beautiful walks through gardens of roses, azaleas and a large swathe of succulents, besides housing subtropical and dry rainforests, complete with a creek draining onto a large lake.,Of special mention is a Japanese barrel bridge that commemorates the connection of Wollongong with sister city Kawasaki, besides a poetic rotunda near the rose garden with brilliant verses on its octagonal roof that reinforces the sublime beauty of nature.,The Garden also includes the Mount Keira summit and Puckey’s reserve – the latter includes a long winding boardwalk through coastal sand dunes and enigmatic wetlands, terminating at the North Wollongong Beach near a lagoon.,If you have still not satiated your faunal thirst for beauty and knowledge, you can head over to the Illawarra Rhododendron Gardens near Mt. Pleasant, which overflows in springtime in blooms of rhododendrons, azaleas, magnolias and camellias besides housing a pool of waterlilies that will make you scribble the perfect haikus of a sunny afternoon. ,As Ted says in How I met your mother, a person gets a certain allotment of lighthouses per lifetime. Well, not for those living in Wollongong for the city boasts not one, but two beautiful lighthouses within close proximity to each other (and is the only place in eastern Australia to hold the record).,The older one, the Wollongong Breakwater Lighthouse, or the Old Lighthouse dates back from 1871 to guide increased shipping activity from coal-mining operations.,Its importance diminished though when a newer one – the Wollongong Head Lighthouse was built in 1937. The older one was deactivated in 1974 and was on the verge of demolition until locals came together and luckily saved this piece of heritage.,Though decommissioned, the Breakwater Lighthouse is fully functional today and lights up the dark skies on special occasions while being protected as a local heritage building.,The Wollongong Head Lighthouse stands majestically atop Flagstaff hill, and is listed today as a local government heritage building for its history besides being the country’s first fully automatic electric lighthouse.,The walk to the lighthouse through verdant green slopes is as picturesque as it is panoramic. You can spot the full length of the Wollongong City Beach, replete with surfers and swimmers, the bellowing chimneys of the industrial heart of Port Kembla in the background besides the five islands strewn near the shore.,As you walk around the summit of Flagstaff Hill, you get amazing 360-degree views of the city on one side and the sea on the other.,Look out for the Vietnam War Memorial along with three canons near the base of the lighthouse, installed way back in 1879 to repel attacks from the Russian Navy, similar to canons established on strategic vantage points along the Sydney Harbour. ,As with any other thriving University township, Wollongong seems to have an ever-flowing stream of youthful energy, which is most evident in spots such as Flagstaff Hill or the City Centre.,It is a destination for all ages and is heavily packaged with an above-average quota of lookouts, hills, reserves, beaches and gardens. The city centre is packed with vibrant street art and strewn with cosmopolitan cuisines that can rival any world class city.,The Jamberoo Action Park to the south and the Science Space centre to the north will enthral children while automobile aficionados can spend hours at the Australian Motor-life Museum or the HARS Aviation Museum.,Then there are National Parks that wrap Wollongong from North to South and are full of bushland trails and beaches. Even if you do nothing, Wollongong has a lot to offer in its string of beaches and classy cafes overlooking the Pacific. ,So the next time you are in Sydney, take the Grand Pacific Drive to head over to the Gong – it will prove through a hundred reasons and more, that the younger sibling has indeed come of age as an inspiring destination that stands on its own, with its share of history, nature, gastronomy and more.,Author Bio: Ayan A. Read more about Sydney and my travels at www.vagabonds-trail.com,Dreaming of a trip to Japan? Take a break from frenetic Tokyo and stay at this farm guesthouse in the picturesque village of Ubuyama.,Editor’s Note: While travel is complicated right now due to the current world health situation, we can still bring you inspiring stories of travel around the world. This story is on the beautiful little-known Japanese island of Kyushu. Enjoy! #dreamnowtravellater,The southern island of Kyushu features the Aso Caldera, a large basin that was formed by volcanic eruptions thousands of years ago. Around 70,000 people now live in tiny hamlets around the caldera and make their livelihood from the rich, volcanic land.,Ubuyama is a picturesque village surrounded by ancient fern trees on the banks of the Tamarai River. It is the kind of place that you pass through and gaze out of the car window at local life without thinking to stop, let alone stay the night. However, it could not be more different than large Japanese cities, and local people are extremely welcoming to visitors.,I stayed at Yamanosato Minshuku, a traditional farm guesthouse and restaurant that produces the region’s famous Akaushi beef, one of the most succulent types of Wagyu beef in Japan. It’s a family business and has been passed down through generations. My host, Yuri, was born at the guesthouse and now lives there with her mother, husband and three young daughters.,Yuri looks after the guests while her husband rears cattle on their private ranch and tends to their own rice field. Her mother runs the kitchen, providing hearty Japanese meals from timeless recipes. Even Yuri’s children have a part to play and sell attractive plants and other trinkets from a stall in the restaurant’s foyer.,Over cups of hot green tea, Yuri made small talk and demonstrated her excellent English. She radiated warmth and was curious about my life in Japan. The restaurant was adorned in traditional local wood, and large benches sat neatly under rectangular tables, awaiting the evening’s customers. Many of the tables were set up with small grills where customers can cook their own dinner in a style known as yakiniku.,Yuri led me through a beautiful courtyard at the back of the restaurant to the guesthouse, a traditional wooden building dating back more than 200 years. A large cat eagerly watched koi carp gliding around a pond, surrounded by rocks and Japanese stone lanterns.,Each of the four tatami rooms had original bamboo ceilings and balconies where you could look out to the mountains in the distance. The only sounds were the croaking of birds and the trickling of a nearby stream that supplied water to the rice fields.,There’s a communal bath for guests to use at any point during their stay; the water comes from a local hot spring and is rich in nutrients. There were plenty of fresh towels, traditional bath robes and a selection of toiletries so you really didn’t need to take anything with you and could focus on relaxing.,Before going for dinner, Yuri made up my Japanese futon and even brought an extra mattress for added comfort. The pillow was stuffed with traditional buckwheat which, while it seemed hard at first, is known to provide excellent support for your neck and softens gradually as you sleep.,The room was cozy and felt a million miles away from the bright lights and noise of Tokyo.,The meals were served in the restaurant and I wore a pair of traditional Japanese wooden sandals to walk the short distance across the courtyard. A tray of colorful pickles was neatly arranged in the center of the table and Yuri introduced each one. The great thing about trying homemade pickles is getting to see the creativity behind them.,Pickles are famous in this area and they were as vivid in color as they were in taste. Sampling them was truly an awaking for the senses and I certainly had my favourites. The shiso plant is very prominent in Japanese pickles as both the seeds and the leaf are used separately. Its taste is not immediately obvious, but it has a fragrant after-scent which was unlike anything I’ve tasted.,There was an array of chunky seasonal vegetables and tofu which reflected Japan’s love of healthy, nutritious ingredients. A white dish caught my attention and seemed to resemble a type of lumpy cream cheese, but Yuri explained it was in fact compressed soya beans. It had a salty taste and complemented the rich ingredients of the meal perfectly.,Yuri’s husband suddenly appeared with a sizzling plate of akaushi beef on a bed of diced onions. The red meat was tender and melted on the palate magnificently. Yuri brought some fresh wasabi, which set off the taste of the meat.,The beef comes from red cows which are kept on the family’s private ranch and are free to roam in the wide pastures. The animals are typically between 24 and 27 months so the meat is tender and low in fat.,To accompany the meal, I drank Ubuyama sake, which is made using local rice and spring water from a nearby water source. Yuri frequently filled my bowl with rice, grown in their own paddy field, which tasted clean and less starchy than other rice that I was used to.,After a comfortable night’s sleep, breakfast was served in the same place in the morning. The Japanese breakfast included an array of different pickles, rice and miso soup, as well as more western-style choices such as a fried egg, toast with peanut butter or jam and chocolate bread. For first-time visitors to Japan who may not be used to a Japanese breakfast, the varied selection of items ensured that there was something to suit all tastes.,The family’s hospitality lasted until the moment I left. As I placed my suitcase into the car, Yuri chatted to me in English and recommended a visit to the nearby Ubuyama Farm shop where I could buy many local products. Just like that, my short visit to the farm was over.As I watched the family waving me off, I knew that I would always remember my stay in Ubuyama.,If You Go,Ubuyama is located about 1 hour 10 minutes by car from Kumamoto Airport or 2 hours from Fukuoka Airport. Visitors should rent a car, as the region is remote and public transport is infrequent. Both Kumamoto and Fukuoka are accessible by train and covered by the JR Rail Pass.,To make a reservation, contact information can be found on the guesthouse’s website at http://aso-yamanosato.com/ .,Author Bio: Mark Webster is a British writer, content creator and English teacher based in Kanagawa, Japan. He writes travel pieces for online publication Voyapon, as well as maintains his own travel blog and Youtube channel.,Attending a live performance in the opulent opera houses of Munich and Dresden is an unforgettable cultural experience. Here are tips for planning and enjoying a night at the opera.,My spine tingled as I walked up the steps and between the Greek-style columns of Munich’s National Theater, home of the world-renowned Bavarian State Opera.,I’m an orchestra musician, and entering this opera house was an almost spiritual experience akin to going into a cathedral.,However, like many world travelers, this was the first time I had attended a live performance in one of Europe’s historic venues.,In the foyer, people surged around me. I wanted to gaze at the sculpted bust of composer Richard Strauss—I’d come to see his famous opera, Der Rosenkavalier—but I was in a hurry.,In 25 minutes, I needed to find the Ring II level where my seat was located, change out of my sightseeing clothes, leave my coat and day-pack at the coat check.,Then settle into my seat before the lights dimmed and the conductor gave the downbeat.,Germany has one of the richest musical traditions in Europe, and it’s home to some of the world’s most magnificent opera houses, many of them architectural treasures that are at least 150 years old.,So, I decided to plan my trip to Germany around opera. I chose Munich and Dresden—just two of Germany’s many cities where opera thrives and is enthusiastically attended by both locals and international visitors.,As a bassoon player, I’m biased toward classical music, but I want everyone to love it as much as I do.,Some people are put off by opera’s high-art reputation, but the truth is that operas were written to entertain everyone, and most of them have simple, melodramatic stories.,Usually involving forbidden love, or murder, or both!—that hook you. And opera has universal appeal.,Although it’s sung in Italian, French, German, Russian, Czech, and English, it transcends borders. And that’s why we travel in the first place.,An English-speaking usher showed me to my seat in the front row of Ring II, which was beside the Royal Box where Bavarian kings once sat.,My heart fluttered as I gazed up at a massive crystal chandelier and an ornately decorated ceiling.,The theater walls were covered in red silk; lighting sconces were ornamented in floral and leaf motifs. To my right was a giant, sculpted Greek goddess whose figure embellished an architectural column.,Feeling rather royal myself, I looked down at the seats below as they rapidly filled with people; the performance was sold out.,I also assessed the orchestra as the huge assemblage of instrumentalists required to play Strauss’ soaring score warmed up.,As the lights dimmed, I glanced through the program: the synopsis was in German, which I couldn’t read. After the overture, the red-velvet curtain opened to reveal an opulent palace set, and Der Rosenkavalier began.,The three-act romantic comedy is about a love triangle between an aging noblewoman, her young lover Octavian (a “trouser” role, in which a woman with a mezzo-soprano voice sings the part of a boy/man), and the girl Octavian eventually falls in love with.,The singing was divine; the costumes were lavish; the orchestra sounded superb.,My only disappointment was that the supertitles—the translations of the lyrics projected above the stage—were in German only. No English as I had hoped.,Luckily I had prepared by watching a DVD version of Rosenkavalier the week before I left home.,I was familiar with the story and the basic content of the lyrics. (If you’re attending any live opera, even one with English translations.,I highly recommend watching at least the first act in advance. And if your program is in German only, you can easily find the opera’s synopsis online.,I prefer the Metropolitan Opera’s accounts of characters and plots.),Before I knew it, the first act was over, and during the first 40-minute intermission, I queued up at the bar for canapés and a glass of wine.,I hadn’t had time for dinner beforehand—and the whole production, including two intermissions, clocked in at 4.5 hours.,As I nibbled and sipped, I meandered the King’s Halls: high-ceiling rooms connected by marble staircases and illuminated by more crystal chandeliers.,I spied a few women in sparkly gowns, although most people were more casually dressed. A few wore jeans, which made my easy-to-pack black skirt and sweater feel just right: not overdressed but not shabby.,I even had time to view portraits of the famous sopranos and baritones who have sung at the theater during its 200-year history.,The second and third acts each had brand-new sets and costumes but always the same exquisite singing.,I confess that because of jetlag, I had trouble keeping my eyes open a couple of times, but I always perked up when the music’s tempo changed.,At the end of the evening, I opted to take a taxi back to my hotel, which was outside the city center, despite the convenience of not one but two different U-Bahn stops just a five-minute walk from the theater.,The next day, I was still humming arias from Der Rosenkavalier when I returned for a tour of the National Theater.,It included a backstage peek at the frenetic behind-the-scenes workings. Crews were positioning sets for an upcoming world premiere, and techies strode around checking light positions.,The guide told stories about the Bavarian State Opera: My favorite was about “Mad” King Ludwig II, who long ago sat just yards from the seat I occupied.,Though he loved opera, Ludwig couldn’t bear for the audience to stare at him. His solution was to close the Royal Box drapes and peek through—but from behind the curtains, the music was muffled.,So, he arranged for a private performance in the middle of the night with no audience in attendance, but the sound echoed through the hall.,Ludwig finally achieved perfect acoustics by filling the theater seats at midnight with soldiers.,Their commander, the king ordered them not to turn around or look up at him before, during or after the performance! Such are the lengths that opera lovers will go to.,Also of Interest in Munich: Adjacent to the National Theater is the Munich Residenz, the former royal palace of the Bavarian monarchs, which is now a museum.,Inside the Residenz is the 18th-century, rococo-style Cuvilliés Theater, a small jewel once used only by royalty.,Today you can view the interior while you’re in the museum or attend a chamber concert or small-scale opera.,Primed for even more opera, I took the Inter-City Express train from Munich to Liepzig and then on to Dresden, where Mozart’s The Magic Flute—a comic fairy-tale opera in two acts—awaited.,There, the Neo-Renaissance-style Semper Opera House presides like a queen over the historic town center’s Theaterplatz (Theater Square).,There’s also the Zwinger Palace and several museums, including the Old Masters Picture Gallery.,I was lucky enough to get a room at the nearby Hyperion Hotel Dresden am Schloss, so I was just a 10-minute walk from the object of my operatic affection.,I also discovered how convenient it is to dine near the opera house before a performance.,I enjoyed a quiet dinner before the show in the sophisticated Café Alte Meister, which is maybe 50 yards from the Semper Opera.,And before taking a daytime tour of the opera house, I ate lunch at the nearby Sophienkeller, a tourist-oriented eatery with 18th-century décor and costumed servers, which, despite the kitsch, served quite satisfying food.,On the English-language tour of the magnificent Semper Opera, named for architect Gottfried Semper, I learned about its three incarnations.,Originally built in 1841, the rococo opera house wowed European audiences, but it burned down in 1869 and wasn’t reconstructed until 1878.,Tragedy struck again when the theater was almost entirely destroyed during the Allied bombing of Dresden during WWII.,For 40 years it lay in ruins, but in the 1980s, under the East German communist government, restorers painstakingly recreated nearly every detail of the former structure.,The guide pointed out frescoed ceilings from Greek mythology and paintings that depicted scenes and characters from famous German operas.,Our group oohed and aahed over the balustrades made of serpentine stone and the green “marble” pillars that are actually built from brick covered with plaster, glue, and paint—then polished so that they gleam like marble.,I also got a preview of the theater, which is dominated by a 1.9-ton chandelier that can be lowered from the ceiling for cleaning and to change its 258 light bulbs.,While we watched, stagehands finished preparations for the evening’s production of The Magic Flute.,That night, from my seats in Ring 1, I experienced a creative and beautifully sung production of Mozart’s most famous opera.,This time the supertitles projected above the stage were in both English and German. Set in a cartoonish fantasyland that reminded me of Tim Burton’s Edward Scissorhands and Pee-wee’s Playhouse.,The offbeat style of this version of The Magic Flute contrasted with the stately historic theater, illustrating how a 225-year-old opera can be successfully re-imagined without changing a note of Mozart’s masterwork.,A highlight of the vibrant and colorful production was the stratospherically high aria sung by the Queen of the Night, whose performance was breathtaking.,When she finished singing, the applause was thunderous. Afterward, as I walked across the cobblestones of the Theaterplatz—along with dozens of other opera patrons—and headed back to my hotel, those notes stayed with me.,I hear them still as I await some future trip to Germany, when I know a fresh infusion of operatic inspiration awaits.,Also of interest in Dresden: If heavy, sometimes tragic, operas aren’t your thing, the Dresden State Operetta, which stages a mixture of light operas and popular musicals, might be more to your taste.,In late 2016, the operetta company moved into Dresden’s new Kraftwerk Mitte theater complex, built into a retrofitted Soviet-era power plant. Its artsy/industrial atmosphere is as fun as its repertoire.,Here you can see everything from Catch Me If You Can and Le Cage aux Folles to The Marriage of Figaro, The Merry Widow and Orpheus in the Underworld.,(Be aware that if you see a Broadway musical staged by the Dresden State Operetta, it will be performed in German for its local audience. However, English titles are provided.),READ Tips for Attending the Opera in Germany,Going to the opera is a little like sampling the food in a different country: it may be hard to read the menu, but if you give it a try, you’re sure to find something you like.,Here are some of my tips to help demystify the experience for international travelers. READ How to Attend the Opera in Germany,For further information on travel in Germany, see Germany.Travel, ,Author Bio: Freelance writer Laurel Kallenbach plays bassoon and is working on a novel about opera musicians.,A network change was detected.,Like the original, this replica of India’s most famous structure is a monument of love.,You may not have been there, but you’ve definitely heard about it or seen photographs. Bill Clinton paid a visit here, as does almost every person who visits India.,It is the epitome of ever-lasting love: the Taj Mahal in Agra. But did you know that you could find another Taj Mahal in India?,After a visit to Aurangabad, just a few hours away from the bustling city of Mumbai, I no longer turn up my nose at replicas.,It is in Aurangabad that I set my eyes on the lesser-known “Mini-Taj” or Bibi Ka Maqbara, which translates as “Tomb of the Lady.”,During an overnight ride in an air-conditioned coach on the Express train, which departs daily from Mumbai, I learned about the existence of this monument from a co-passenger. Let’s call him Mr. Branch.,He was a very shy gentleman and surely would not have approved of his true name being used here.,Keeping up with the manners of the Underground Rail, in true Brit style, Mr. Branch was an elderly retired English bureaucrat maintaining a stiff upper lip and avoiding eye contact with his fellow passengers.,But a sudden lurch led to his spilling some coffee — a few drops landed on my shirt — and it was just enough to break the ice. Taking full advantage of the moment, I asked him about the black and white photos that he was looking at over and over again.,There he was: Mr. Branch as a young man holding hands with a pretty lady in front of the Taj Mahal. At least I thought it was the Taj Mahal.,“No. It is the Mini-Taj and that is where I am headed,” he chuckled. So far, I thought that Aurangabad was just the site of the renowned Ajanta and Ellora caves, the main tourist attraction in this region. Both cave complexes have been World Heritage Sites since 1983.,Murals in the group of about 30 Ajanta Caves span a period of 800 years and provide insight into the life of Buddha and the Buddhist culture.,Ellora consists of 34 caverns decorated with sculptures depicting the Hindu religion and culture. The works of art are believed to have been carved between 350-700 AD.,The Kailas Temple found in one of these caves is chiseled by hand from a single massive rock.,The caves were the reason I had taken this trip. But I was so intrigued by the Mini-Taj that I decided to accompany my new friend and make Bibi Ka Maqbara my first stop at Aurangabad.,For Mr. Branch, this trip was his way of paying homage to his late wife. They had visited the Mini-Taj during their first year of marriage, while Mr. Branch was posted in Colonial Bombay.,To relive old memories he was visiting India again after a lapse of 50-odd years.,Both the famous Taj Mahal in Agra in north-central India, and the lesser-known Bibi Ka Makbara, are monuments of love.,The original is the final resting ground of Mumtaz Mahal. Her husband, Emperor Shah Jahan, had it constructed until his favorite wife passed away in 1629. The Mini-Taj is a tribute to a mother.,Prince Azam Khan, son of the Mugal Emperor Aurangzeb, built the Bibi Ka Maqbara in 1679 to honor his mother Rabia Durani. He modeled it on the original Taj Mahal.,The Muslim Mughal Empire ruled India in the 16th and 17th centuries. The Dynasty was founded by a Turkish chieftain.,The Mughals (or Moguls) controlled vast areas of India and reached as far as Afghanistan. They erected many architectural marvels like the Taj Mahal and the Bibi Ka Maqbara.,Like the Taj Mahal, the replica has a central dome, surrounded by four smaller domes and four minarets. Four taller minarets complement this central structure.,The pathway leading up to the mausoleum has fountains, pools and tall trees on both sides of the walkway. The ambience is uncanny — it is so similar to the Taj Mahal.,The Mini-Taj is perhaps half the size of the famous structure it was modeled after. Yet it is a monument worth admiring and considered to be the finest Mughal monument in the western India’s Deccan region.,We visited early in the morning when the air was chilly. The sounds of the aazan ― the muezzin’s call for the morning prayer, which wafted across from a nearby mosque ― added to the peaceful aura.,To my untrained eye, the entire monument seemed to be carved of marble. The brass inlaid doors and especially the exquisite white marble lattice screens are a must-see.,But look closely and you will find that limestone also contributes a fair share to this structure. Well, it isn’t dubbed as the “Poor Man’s Taj” for nothing.,The octagonal burial chamber of Rabia Durani that is enclosed within the main structure is built entirely of marble, and it has intricate carvings and rich tapestries. For some strange reason, I did not venture to step in and see it.,I guess a grave, whether it is in the open or amidst marble splendor, does make one feel a trifle sad, or a tad philosophical.,All I could think of were the words of American poet Mary Elizabeth Frye [1905-2004]: “Do not stand at my grave and weep; I am not there. I do not sleep. I am in a thousand winds that blow […].”,As I strolled the grounds, I admired the delicate latticework and the general peace and quiet.,The cool breeze stirring the leaves on the trees seemed to whisper these very words. I am sure Mr. Branch heard them, too.,Tourism Ministry of India,www.tourismofindia.com,The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), a state government-run company conducts tours to Aurangabad and has a resort in Aurangabad. www.maharashtratourism.gov.in,How to get there,By train: Two trains depart from Mumbai to Aurangabad daily. The Devgiri Express is an overnight train, which reaches Aurangabad in the early morning. The Latur CSTM Express leaves in the afternoon and reaches Aurangabad late evening.,Departing times are always subject to change.,At the Chatrapati Shivaji rail terminus in Mumbai (or Victoria Terminus as it is popularly called) there is a separate queue for foreign tourists to purchase tickets.,www.indianrail.gov.in,By air: Most domestic airlines operate daily flights from Mumbai and other cities.,Jet Airways,www.jetairways.com,Indian Airlines,https://indian-airlines.nic.in,By road: Various private operators provide air-conditioned coaches from Mumbai to Aurangabad. Packaged tours are also provided by the MTDC. Queries can be directed to the tourist offices. www.maharashtratourism.gov.in/mtdc/Default.aspx?strpage=Contact_us.html,Budget:,MTDC Resort, opposite Aurangabad railway station.,Phone: 91 (country code)+ 02432 (city code) + 2331513 or 2334259,Further details can be made available from MTDC offices in Mumbai. The maximum tariff for a double room is around Rupees 1,500 per day (US$ 35).,Luxury:,Taj Residency,www.tajhotels.com/Cities/AURANGABAD/default.htm,Tariff starts at Rupees 2,500 upwards for a double room (US$ 58),Phone: 91 (country code)+ 02432 (city code) +2381006-10,Email: residency.Aurangabad@tajhotels.com,Apart from restaurants attached to various hotels, including the MTDC Resort and the Taj Residency, local restaurant Angeethi is a good choice for an assortment of rich gravies.,Phone: 91 (country code)+ 0232 (city code) +2441988,Fabrics with gold and silver thread embroidery, called Paithani fabrics, are now available not only as traditional saris (the wraparound traditional garment for women) but as stoles, cushions and bedcovers. Also look for leather goods such as sandals and purses.,Try the government-run shops such as:,Cottage Industries, Shahgunj Road, Aurangabad,Government Emporium, Station Road, Aurangabad,September to early March is the best time to avoid the hot summers and the monsoon rains.,Meet mermaids, China dolls and Marie Antoinette at this centuries-old Italian celebration.,A gust of icy, wet snow rips through the Piazza San Marco, snatches umbrellas from the hands of startled tourists, and recklessly tosses the twisted, mangled remains through the air. A café chair bounces fitfully along the ground as a bright yellow awning flaps and snaps.,It is cold, gray and just plain miserable outside. But despite the wretched weather that keeps gondolas tightly moored to the piers and gondoliers temporarily out of work, the party goes on. It has been said, “All the world’s a stage,” but nowhere is that adage more true than in Venice, Italy, during Carnevale.,The city’s population has swelled to the point of discomfort, made worse by the hundreds of umbrellas that threaten to poke my eyes out. But it’s worth it, I think, as I pass a mysterious man dressed in a dark cape, powdered wig and tri-cornered hat.,It’s like waking up in someone else’s dream — or nightmare, depending on one’s frame of reference.,And everyone who is anyone is here: There’s Marie Antoinette, looking a bit pale, but alive and well and still in possession of her head. A drag queen in a blue-sequined gown dances with a slightly embarrassed young man while three tall men dressed as China dolls scamper about on 6-inch-tall (15 cm) sandals.,The majority of those in costumes are not dressed as anyone in particular; in fact, many barely even resemble people. But it’s colorful and wild and fun, and as English writer John Evelyn wrote in 1646, “All the world was in Venice to see the folly and madness.”,And mad it is. Carnevale (from carne vale, meaning “farewell to meat”) is the traditional period before Lent — and apparently the starting signal to let down both one’s hair and inhibitions. The 18th century Carnevale began on December 26 and lasted almost two months until Shrove Tuesday. Today’s Carnevale is a 12-day affair that is fairly calm in comparison to the debauchery and mayhem of its earlier incarnation.,In fact, things got so out of hand way back then that Napoleon put an end to it … but apparently not once and for all. The event was revived in 1979 to help the flagging tourist industry during the winter months. Needless to say, it’s been a huge success.,Carnevale costumes are best described as creations of imaginations gone a little overboard, if not completely off the deep end. Whether rented, skillfully pieced together from assorted outfits or entirely handmade, they are true works of art.,But more interesting than the elaborate outfits is the posturing that takes place throughout the piazza. Like some bizarre ritualistic mating dance, it begins slowly.,Early in the week, a lone costumed reveler appears seemingly out of nowhere, sidles up to a column under the Doge’s Palace … and strikes a pose. Like bees swarming a hive, tourists and professional photographers alike quickly surround the subject and start shooting. “Madame, Madame,” one photographer pleads, in an attempt to get the subject to turn toward his lens.,It’s the ultimate paparazzi feeding frenzy, with no complaints from those being photographed. In fact, they not only welcome the attention, they actively seek it out, which makes me suspect there’s more going on here than meets the eye. As I tussle with the crowds, jockeying for position to get the best possible shot, I wonder what makes these people tick.,According to psychotherapist Tina B. Tessina, author of It Ends With You: Grow Up and Out of Dysfunction, “In a mask, you can do all sorts of wild things you wouldn’t do in person. The mask gives [people] license to behave outside the bounds. Remember, kings and queens of old held masked balls so they could get away with bad behavior. The point is to behave in ways you wouldn’t ordinarily,” says Tessina, “and be excited by your own behavior, knowing you are watched — [but] not identified.”,And me, I made the mistake of coming as myself. Not that anyone in Venice knows who I am. My friend Erin hands me a black cat’s-eye mask that she purchased before leaving the United States. I slip it on in the spirit of the moment, but it makes me feel more conspicuous than anonymous. Now I think people are staring at me, and I don’t like it. The mask also hinders my vision, making it difficult to look through my camera’s viewfinder, which, I realize, is a “mask” I often hide behind.,My camera allows me to approach people and situations incognito, and bolsters my courage to behave in ways I would not without it. As a photographer, I’m aggressive and bold — anything to get the shot. I suppose I am no different from those in more traditional masks, only we are on opposite sides of the lens.,Impromptu photo sessions crop up everywhere: A mermaid holds court on a fog-infested pier while a pair of jesters in matching green satin pajamas pretends to dance. That is, they strike dance poses, allowing photographers a few seconds to capture the moment. Five seconds later, they change their stance, and turn to face a new group of eager shutterbugs.,These little dances between the photographers and revelers proliferate throughout the piazza — a pose and a gesture followed by the synchronized whir of cameras.,As the week progresses and closes in on Fat Tuesday — the Carnevale’s grand finale — the number of jesters, dukes, duchesses, and strange creatures multiplies. Carnevale is one giant swirl of color and sound; and like a whirlpool, it grabs you by the collar, pulls you under and swallows you whole. There’s no escaping, only letting go. Hence, it’s best just to surrender, for this century’s-old party is likely to continue for yet another hundred years or so, or at least as long as Venice remains afloat.,If You Go,Carnevale
www.carnivalofvenice.com,Tourist Board of Venice
www.turismovenezia.it, ,Make the most out of your trip to Canada’s largest city with these top 10 things to do in Toronto including CN Tower and Niagra Falls.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,No matter where you are visiting from, you will be impressed with the number of things to do in Toronto. Canada’s largest city has a vast and unique array of activities sure to please anyone.,Toronto, Ontario has world-renowned restaurants, interesting museums, jaw-dropping architecture top entertainment, fun family activities and beautiful natural attractions.,Furthermore, there is something for every age and taste and it would take weeks to do it all. So, we have narrowed it down to 10 of the top things to do in Toronto to get you started.,For an epic view of Toronto, a visit to the iconic CN Tower is a must. This Toronto landmark stands at 553 meters tall and is impossible to miss. The highest viewing area is the Sky Pod which offers a glorious vista of the city.,In addition, if you are seeking an adrenaline rush, you can try the “Edge Walk”. However, this activity is not for the faint of heart. It requires a walk on a 365-meter high, 1.5-meter wide ledge.,But don’t worry, you will be provided the necessary safety protections. This is an equally terrifying and exciting experience that is not to be missed.,Keep in mind that it can get very busy during the peak season. If you visit during this time you should be prepared to wait in line.,Ripley’s Aquarium is located next to the CN Tower. It is a top Toronto attraction for all ages and makes a great family activity. This incredible site displays numerous underwater species offering an in-depth look at life under the sea.,The underwater tunnel at Ripley’s provides an immersive experience with sawfish gliding past you and sharks lingering overhead.,The touch tanks featuring stingrays and a variety of fish, plus the spectacular jellyfish collection will leave you in awe of the aquatic realm.  ,The magnificent Art Gallery of Ontario is one of the most distinguished museums in North America.,AGO features a collection of more than 90,000 masterpieces from all around the world. It will ignite your love for art with everything from classic Slavic paintings to contemporary art.,In addition to the beautiful works, the AGO building itself is a work of art. Its distinctive layout blends traditional and modern architecture.,Meanwhile, the pencil-shaped Ontario College besides it further accentuates its look. This is a go-to spot for sightseers.,Situated about 40 kilometers from the city, on the Rouge River, the Toronto Zoo is a popular attraction for families.,The zoo houses an impressive collection of about 5,000 animals including lions, hippos, orangutans, penguins and giraffes. Furthermore, it is split into multiple sections, each depicting a specific world region.,Top features include the enthralling Tundra Trek, The Discovery Zone, Gorilla Rainforest and a splash pad that opens in the summer.,Constructed in 1850 it was formerly a concert arena and a public meeting forum. Over the years, St. Lawrence Market has gone through several evolutions which is apparent from its framework.,This bustling market has something for everyone. There are vendors selling flowers, fresh produce, baked goods and other specialty items.,The market is a great place to purchase souvenirs and gifts to take home. Also, you can stop at the multiple cafés and eateries to grab a refreshment and enjoy the bustling scene.,Kensington Market is not just a market, it is a whole neighborhood. It showcases celebrated Canadian diversity through its inhabitants and businesses.,There are colorful shops covered in street art, old brick houses and sweet melodies filling the air. The Bohemian vibe of Kensington is unmatched. Therefore, it is a fantastic choice for a relaxing evening stroll.,This all-in-one market has everything from tattoo shops to jewelry and clothing stores alongside fresh produce. You name it, they’ve got it.,Moreover, the countless coffee shops and restaurants provide a multicultural set of food possibilities. Whether you are craving Mexican, Italian, Jamaican or a hot dog and smoothie, you can satisfy your appetite here in Kensington.,No visit to Toronto is complete without a day trip to one of the world’s greatest natural wonders.,Even if you have seen Niagra Falls from the US side, viewing them from Canada is an entirely different experience.,The spectacles of these falls are lovely to watch and to hear. Just be prepared to get a little wet. It’s all part of the experience.,Toronto’s Chinatown has existed since the early 19th century and is still visited by thousands of locals and tourists.,With residents hailing from Hong Kong, Thailand, Vietnam and other Asian countries you can feel and smell delicious cultural diversity.,Chinatown is undoubtedly one of the best places in Toronto to explore and enjoy fabulous and inexpensive food. ,A visit to the Hockey Hall of Fame is a top thing for hockey fans to do in Toronto. Located downtown, the Hockey Hall of Fame showcases the best hockey players, their teams and the sport itself.,Highlights to enjoy are the legendary Stanley Cup plus an exhibition of significant hockey events. In addition, there’s a fun and interactive display that lets you put your hockey skills to the test.,Casa Loma is a Gothic Revival-style castle perched on a hill in midtown Toronto. It was completed in 1914 as a home for Sir Henry Pellat. Today it is open to the public as a museum.,There are over 100 rooms, three dozen lavatories, acres of estate gardens, massive dining rooms and an archaic conservatory. Casa Loma will make you feel as if you’re in medieval Europe.,Events are held at the castle and on the castle grounds throughout the year. The site is easily reached by car or public transport.,Ready to plan your interesting adventure through Toronto, Canada? Start planning today with insider tips on the best shopping, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,For the most unique Toronto experiences, from Niagra Falls wine tastings to the Best of Eastern Canada tours, check out Bookmundi. Find more activities and book your dates in advance here.,Find more expert-led Toronto tours and skip-the-line tickets to major events with GetYourGuide. Browse activities and book your dates in advance here.,Get exclusive flight discounts, car rental options and vacation packages through CheapOair.,From a colorful carpet festival in Kairouan to the ancient Roman ruins in Carthage, history comes to life on a road trip through Tunisia., ,We drove through rolling red hills dotted with stunted trees on an already hot June morning. As we topped a hill on the narrow highway, a towering circle of ancient walls dominated the landscape, reaching skyward from the arid countryside.,The lofty, reddish-brown stone columns and arches were unmistakably Roman. At first glance, the structure seemed wildly out of place, almost artificial, maybe a movie facade left behind when the directors packed up their troupe and headed back to Hollywood.,My wife, Dominique, and I glanced at each other, “wow” smiles written all over our faces.,We were just outside the whitewashed village of El Jem, 127 miles (205 km) southeast of the capital city of Tunis, in Tunisia, a small republic on the north-central African coast.,As we walked to the amphitheater through the narrow streets of El Jem, the scope and beauty of the edifice and the sense of ancient times flowed over me.,I walked slowly around the crumbling remnants of the 3rd century Roman structure, searching out details.,Wind and sand have eroded the soft red stone until only a few vague suggestions of carving remain, but size alone conveys the one-time grandeur of this structure, which is almost as large as the famous coliseum in Rome.,I tried to fathom how this sleepy inland town had once-upon-a-time been a metropolitan hub of commerce and luxury, second only to southern Italy in production of olives and grain.,Nothing else could explain the presence of this immense stadium that seated 30,000 people for combat spectacles during Roman heydays.,Tunisia is an exercise in contrasts, with unexpected sights such as the magnificent Roman coliseum accented by modern-day sights, such as the rows of tourist hotels lined up shoulder to shoulder along fine sand beaches bordering the crystal-blue Mediterranean.,My wife and I rented a car and moved at our own pace. It took only a day or so of navigating Tunisian roads to understand that the rules are a little different there.,I quickly understood that lanes marked on the pavement were often viewed by local drivers as highly flexible “suggestions.”,It’s a poor country of people accustomed to walking, and pedestrians use the roads freely.,I learned to keep my eyes open for groups of school children walking home along the roads, slow donkey-drawn carts, bicyclists, small herds of sheep and the occasional escaped camel.,One morning we drove to the famous walled city of Kairouan, among the most holy Arab cities in Tunisia, located about a hundred miles inland, in the center of the country.,Entering the city, we came upon a crowd gathering at the tourist information center.,An official personally welcomed us to the annual Kairouan Carpet Festival, and exclaimed how nice it was to have Europeans come to their celebration.,He produced an envelope from his suit-coat pocket and presented it to my wife with a conspiratorial smile.,Inside the walled courtyard we discovered a party atmosphere. Musicians on flutes, tambourines and an assortment of unfamiliar stringed instruments played traditional Arabian music while brightly dressed veiled women danced in whirling circles.,Camel handlers displayed tall beasts decked out in an array of colorful blankets and jingling bells.,And everywhere there were huge, handwoven rugs displaying the intricate Berber designs for which Kairouan is famous; the city is home to hundreds of shops selling these beauties.,A drawing was underway for lucky winners to take home several of the rugs. We watched as half a dozen German tourists claimed their prizes, some struggling to carry huge rugs back to their bus.,When the final prize was announced, the man with the microphone called out “Number 10!” My wife held the winning ticket, the lucky number 10.,She accepted the gift, an intricately woven wool rug of blue, red and black squares.,After a few smiles and words for local TV cameras, we were on our way to explore “the city of 50 mosques,” the spiritual home of all Tunisians.,Throughout the city, delicately carved brownstone columns and arches, and intricate wooden doors can be seen at every turn.,The quiet dignity of the city’s Great Mosque embodies the 13 centuries of culture that cloak this impressive, isolated city.,The need to look back at history always tugs at me, and walking through the Carthage ruins, 11 miles (18 km) east of Tunis, was on my list of “must see” places in Tunisia.,I wanted to stroll the hillsides where Hannibal stood, staring north across the Mediterranean before he fell just short of conquering Rome at the height of his power, 2,200 years ago.,The modern hillside city of Carthage, built on layer after layer of antiquity, overlooks an immaculate blue port.,Scattered throughout the residential streets are partially excavated ancient villas and immense Roman baths where the rich and powerful once gathered to decide the fate of nations, their gigantic marble columns thrusting upward across the street from modest Tunisian homes.,We made our way up to the highest point in the city, where the National Museum of Carthage rests atop Byrsa Hill.,Here, I roamed among hundreds of Carthaginian and Roman artifacts, ranging from massive marble sarcophagi to everyday household items.,Outside, there was a panoramic view of the Mediterranean in one direction and distant inland mountains in the other.,I tried to imagine the Romans arriving in a massive armada of slave-rowed galley ships, storming those beaches in 146 B.C. to burn and destroy the city of their enemies.,A hundred years later the Romans would return to rebuild in their own style, leveling Carthage and constructing a magnificent new metropolis on top of the ashes.,Tunisia is filled with such history. At Dougga, in the hills three hours southwest of Tunis, are grandiose Roman temples and theaters, a forum and refurbished ancient marketplaces.,Three hours south by toll road, the majestic, immense Sahara Desert reaches a finger into the southern parts of Tunisia. Incredible mountains of sand roll across this region, respecting no form of civilization.,Simple restaurants with filling, inexpensive dishes are easy to find, especially close to the major Tunisian attractions.,Kabob (brochette) meals frequently dominate the menu, with choices of beef, chicken, mutton and sometimes seafood.,A hearty standard consists of a spicy vegetable soup accompanied by grilled meat (lamb, spicy sausage or chicken) served on a bed of semolina pasta.,After a few days we realized there was far too much to see in Tunisia on our short visit, but a week’s tour would give a good feel for this country of camels and couscous with its laid-back style of Mediterranean living.,Tunisian National Tourist Office,www.tourismtunisia.com,www.cometotunisia.co.uk,The country experiences almost no social or political unrest, with a stable government for the past 50 years. Visitors are well treated, because the tourism industry is valued for the thousands of jobs it provides, along with the Euros pumped into a struggling economy., ,Mazatlán hosts carnival every year and there are many sights to see. Read all about Carnival in Mazatlán here.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Many cities in Mexico celebrate Carnival, but none as grand as in Mazatlán. This city hosts the third largest carnival in the world, just behind Rio de Janeiro and New Orleans.,Carnival celebration takes place annually, usually five days before Lent, and this year’s Carnival in Mazatlán is scheduled for Feb. 24 through Mar. 1, 2022.,There will be colorful outdoor parades, a variety of food festivals, engaging art, and lively German-style polka music. What makes Mazatlán such a popular Carnival destination is its warm climate, miles of sandy beaches on the Pacific coast, and charming historic colonial town.,As far back as 1827, Captain Juan Antonio Muñoz chronicled that on Shrove Tuesday people in Mazatlán wore masks and costumes while parading through the city.,In 1898, Mazatlán Carnival became an official week-long multi-event celebration with a procession of chariots and bicycles, and the official crowning of a king and queen.,Royalty is big in this city offering five recurring Royal Carnival Characters that include the crowning of the King of Carnival, King of Madness, The Carnival Queen, The Queen of the Floral Games and the Children’s Queen.,One of the highly anticipated festivities is “Burning of Humor,” a Mexican tradition where people burn a giant puppet modeled after an unpopular public figure that is hung and lit on fire to hopefully banish ill feelings out of the city.,In between events, be sure to take a stroll along the Malecón, one of the longest boardwalks in the world. Culinary delights are inspired by the abundance of fresh food.,Food culture has been a major part of the city since the 16th century. Restaurants feature an array of fresh plates on their menus.,Ice cold Pacifico beer is one of the most popular beverages to drink. In the early 1900s, German immigrants brought beer-making to the area when they opened the Pacifico brewery near the port.,Activities to see and do while in Mazatlán include taking a funicular up to The Observatory 1873, one of the oldest buildings in the city. It’s a museum filled with historic photos, antique furniture and marvelous views from every window.,There is a short tour to take to learn about the traditions in making mezcal in Mexico. Visitors can stroll through a cactus garden and step inside a fenced bird aviary filled with various kinds of rescued birds, including flamingos, scarlet macaw, yellow cheeked parrots, and toucans.,There is also a rooftop bar for snacks and a Pacifico or margarita while taking in the city and ocean views.,Not too far away is the famous El Faro lighthouse. For those feeling adventurous, it’s a popular hike up a paved incline trail to reach the top. Still operating, this lighthouse was built around 1879, and considered the highest lighthouse in the world.,The maritime signals were manufactured in Paris, France, and contained a large oil lamp with mirrors. By 1905, this lamp was converted to a revolving lamp and today the 1000 watt bulb can be seen for 30 nautical miles.,Below the lighthouse is a glass bridge cantilevering over the Pacific Ocean. Visitors can walk out to the end of this bridge for a photo opportunity capturing the brilliant blue Pacific Ocean in the backdrop.,Some of the Carnival events take place along the cobblestone streets and inside the beautifully painted turn-of-the-century buildings in Mazatlán Centro Historico. It’s the heart and soul of the city featuring art on walls of shops, mezcalerias, cafes and inside galleries.,Be sure to visit the magnificent Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception. Built in the baroque-revival style, it is home to the Catholic Diocese of Mazatlan.,During construction in the mid-1850s, it took over 40 years to build the church due to a lack of funds. With the help of a wealthy Jewish family, the church was completed in 1899. Look up to see the Star of David displayed in 28 stained-glass windows.,They were installed as a sign of gratitude, and this is the only Roman Catholic Church in the world to have these stars.,Numerous hotels offer birds-eye-views of the Carnival festivities from windows and balconies, however, this area can be crowded and noisy with up to a million people visiting this time of the year.,We recommend staying in an oceanfront hotel along the Golden Zone, farther from the action and the crowds. One such resort is the Pueblo Bonito Mazatlán, an upscale, all-inclusive retreat blending Old-World charm with modern comforts.,Set along the famous Zona Dorada in Mazatlán, it’s a short ride on the unique pulmonias, taxis that are decorated golf carts.,To get to Mazatlán by plane, international flights are from San Francisco, Los Angeles, Houston, Portland, Dallas, Salt Lake City, South Shore Harbor, Denver, Phoenix, Calgary, Minneapolis, Toronto-Pearson, Regina, Edmonton, Saskatoon, Vancouver, and Winnipeg via non-stop or through Mexico City to General Rafael Beulna International Airport (MZT).,For the best seasonal flight promotions and ground transportation reservations in Mexico, check out CheapOair. Make sure you protect your travel plans from lost luggage, unexpected sickness, flight cancellations and any other issues with travel insurance made for you by Squaremouth.,Read more about Mexico and other exciting destinations:,Author Bio: Jill Weinlein,When it comes to using available natural resources to build a home, Africa stands alone.,It is the image of village life, of people in mud huts with thatched roofs that first drew me to Africa; an image perpetuated by western television that fascinated me by the various innovative ways other chose to live their lives.,It is difficult to speak in generalities, but when it comes to using natural resources to improve ones’ standard of living, Africa stands alone.,The sheer style, diversity, and practicality of habitat puts the African continent in a class by itself, and this is only speaking about housing constructed from natural materials.,To address the issue of generality, of course, many Africans live in large modern homes with all the technical conveniences this entails, but overall the majority of people live quite comfortably in homes made from organic materials.,Some out of economic necessity, and others by personal preference. Either way this mode of life needs to be not just considered, but studied.,The only other continent about which such a statement could be made would possibly be the Arctic where the Inuit and Inupiaq people of the far north who used to make homes of snow and ice.,Now mostly live in prefabricated housing provided by their governments, only using snow caves and igloos when they go out to hunt for prolonged periods.,The people of Africa have made a high art form of living in harmony with their surroundings.,This in turn has given the entire world a model to copy when it comes to both architectural style and utility, not to mention having a minimum impact on the environment.,This type of housing of course, was the only alternative to early man who chose to cease living in caves.,But over the millenniums, while societies across the planet progressed, and technical advances changed the building materials and advanced the possibilities of housing comforts.,It was the people of Africa more than any place else that chose to live the old way.,While much of this topic was simply a matter of economics in which the people just could not afford more advanced housing, for many people it was an adherence to tradition, and respect for the ways of their ancestors. ,Where in Africa, respect for ancient cultures is still paramount. This involves not only ritual, dance, oral history, costume, and religious belief, but architecture as well.,The indigenous architecture I am referring to usually involves an interior support system of wood, primarily tree branches that form the basic shape of the structure over which as a general rule a mixture that can include local clay, mud, animal dung, and dry grass is spread, and dries in a matter of hours.,Thatch, which is simply plants or dry stalks, are usually woven together to make a weather tight roof. This is often quite a piece of art as master weavers have integrated designs into their work.,The average African living on the savannah can look around and find materials to construct a comfortable dwelling in hours, and complete it in a couple of days.,In the so called “modern” world, this is an impossible feat where erecting a structure not only takes weeks or months but is also an invasion of the natural surrounding whatever they may be, not to mention an entire infrastructure needed to support the construction project.,In West Africa I have stayed at a village that was one complete structure of more than 100 rooms, all made from sun dried clay, complete with the floors, remarkably similar to that of the Anasazi of the American southwest.,In the great cities of Timbuktu and Djenne in Mali, not only are the giant mosques and universities made of mud, but so are the entire cities.,I have visited villages whose homes were made entirely from tree branches and others that were made from palm fronds, and found that most of these could be lifted intact.,It is relocated to another area with no damage to the structure, and leaving no trace that they ever existed on their original spot.,I have stayed among nomads who made shelters out of nothing more than dried grass that were quite livable for weeks at a time, and been in remote deserts where tents were sewn together using camel hides stretched over a wooden frame.,I have spent nights in huts made entirely from strips of bark peeled from trees and even stayed at the base of a volcano where the houses were made from petrified magma with grass roofs.,This combination of organic materials has proven over the centuries to be more than just practical, but a necessity to shelter families in areas where due to lack of infrastructure they would otherwise be at the mercy of the elements.,These homes are warm in the winter; cool in the summer, easily and quickly constructed, and for nomadic cultures, when the time comes to move on, they are simply abandoned, to return to the earth that provided them, eventually leaving no footprint on the earth.,This cannot be said of modern high rises or the modernistic architecture of the western world.,To those travelers who look at a family living in a mud hut and think them poor, I say you do not understand.,These people are true environmentalists who exist in harmony with their surroundings and would not trade their homes for a “modern” dwelling for any price.,This westerner who was born into a world of mortgages, insurance, security systems, utility bills, support teams of gardeners, housekeepers and maintenance workers, often turn my thoughts turn towards Africa and make me think, “What if?”,Africa has always remained true to its origins and traditions and more than anyplace else, this has always been manifested in the homes of its people.,This is the image the world has of Africa. It is the face of its heritage that visitors wish to see before the advance of modern society replaces it forever., ,About the author: James Michael Dorsey is an explorer, author, and photographer with extensive travels in 44 countries.,Most of his journeys are far off the beaten path to record indigenous cultures that he uses as a vehicle to explore the relationship between man and the environment.,Great article… very well written!,Wine tasting is a sensory and personal experience. Though you may not be able to travel to wine country at this time, you can still visit through a virtual experience.,Wine tasting is a sensory and personal experience. Winemakers often share their secrets of winemaking, as well as their passion for the process with their guests. The setting can also have a dramatic impact on how your mind interprets this experience.,Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, all industries worldwide have been heavily affected, and the wine market hasn’t been spared. Although you can’t travel to a wine country of your choice, you can still see it through a virtual experience. ,Wine merchants have managed to stay in touch with their customers creatively, by transitioning from in-person tasting events to online offerings. While every virtual wine tasting experience promises a good time and plenty of information, some like Geographical Digest is truly one-of-a-kind.,If you are a beginner at attending virtual wine events, know that there is a lot to choose from. Some virtual tastings are free, others send wine to your doorstep as a part of the paid package, and some require that you buy the wines yourself. ,They also range from tours and courses for beginners to those intended for pro sommeliers. Participants can learn about winemaking techniques, how unique landscapes and soils affect wine’s flavor, and popular varietals of each specific region.,Some organizers went even further like The SOMM Journal by arranging their free international wine tasting series called Geographical Digest, organized in association with National Geographic and SommCon. The planned events, hosted virtually by winemakers worldwide, broadcast live and are available on-demand.,SommCon’s on-demand streaming platform called SommGo is set to host these educational and compelling series for wine lovers all over the world. In addition, participants will be able to purchase a collection of some of the wines for each panel through the BottleTribe before each event.,It’s worth mentioning that the corona-virus pandemic was not the only reason behind this innovative approach. It was also the launch of the highly anticipated New Sotheby’s Wine Encyclopedia by National Geographic Books. This new comprehensive edition of Sotheby’s Wine Encyclopedia has been fully updated and revised for the first time since 2011.,This comprehensive guide consists of information on flavor notes, vineyard profiles, grape know-how, a taste chart that can help identify flavors, unusual food pairings, experts reflecting about the most recent trends in the world of wine, and more.,It definitely is the most up-to-date wine reference in the world, as well as a must-have for anyone who wants to become a wine expert. The fact that is has been sold in over 700,000 copies worldwide only confirms that fact.,Its author, Tom Stevenson, has been writing about wine for more than 40 years. In addition to writing, he has also judged significant wine competitions and has been the chair and founder of The Champagne & Sparkling Wine World Championship (CSWWC) since 2014.,The first Geographical Digest webinar, “Unique Regions of the World,” held on September 24, 2020, offered an antidote for wanderlust: a virtual tour to seven countries across four continents and two hemispheres. Eight winemakers from different parts of the planet showed off wines that leave no doubt of their provenance.,Among them was Juliette Monmousseau, who presented a bottle-fermented sparkler made from 100% Cabernet Franc. She is the CEO of Bouvet-Ladubay in the fertile Loire Valley, France.,Estate Manager/Managing Director, Stefan Doktor of Schloss Johannisberg presented a classic dry Riesling. They come from the Rheingau, a wine-growing region in Germany, where only Riesling has been cultivated for over 300 years. Winemaking Consultant Giorgio Marone of Agricola Punica presented the unique Carignano, from the windswept sandy soils of Sardinia’s southern coast.,On the other side of the world, in Napa Valley, California, the Director of Winemaking, Ralf Holdenried, introduced Black Stallion Estate Winery. Also, winemaker & Joint Managing Director Richard Angove, of the Angove Family Winemakers in Australia’s McLaren Vale dived into the deep purple hues of a single vineyard Shiraz.,Although the series has already started, the best is yet to come. Panels will be held once a month, and the plan is that the series last till May 2021. Wine enthusiasts will have a chance to find out is the production or nature responsible for some excellent wines, learn about the exploration of renowned single vineyards, as well as about Bordeaux Blends.,As Ernest Hemingway said, wine “offers a greater range for enjoyment and appreciation than, possibly, any other purely sensory thing.” If there has ever been the moment you shouldn’t deprive yourself of small things that make you happy, it’s now.,Join the series for free here: https://www.sommjournal.com/wine-education-webinar-series/, pour the glass of wine and learn everything you want to know, “one of the most natural things of the world that has been brought to the greatest perfection.”,Besides, you can also purchase the wine that will be presented in the virtual wine tasting series here: https://www.bottletribe.com/geographical-digest/. That way, you can complete this unusual experience and sip unique wines while you virtually travel to different countries and listen to experts talk about their craft.,Author Bio: Marija Stojanovic Petkovski is a writer based in Serbia in Europe. Marija worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family.,Clark Gable, Kevin Costner, the Shah of Iran, all four Beatles and seemingly half of the U.S. marines have slept with her.,She dresses in pink and heads the A-list. Clark Gable, Kevin Costner, the Shah of Iran, all four Beatles, Adam Sandler (no accounting for taste) and seemingly half of the U.S marines have slept with her. She stops you in your tracks as you wander along the white sands of Waikiki. You may not remember her official title, The Royal Hawaiian Hotel, but everyone remembers their first sighting of the so-called “ Pink Palace of the Pacific.”,The Royal Hawaiian opened her doors in 1927 on Oahu, the third largest of the Hawaiian islands, as a six-story, 400-room luxury resort hotel for wealthy travelers. She was built on 15 acres (6 hectares) of coconut palm–fringed beach that was once the playground of the Hawaiian royal family — hence her exalted name.,The architecture, by the highly regarded New York architectural firm Warren & Wetmore, remains striking. It was built of pink stucco in the fanciful Spanish-Moorish style popularized by silent-screen star Rudolph Valentino (The Sheik, 1922), and then topped with cupolas (mission-style bell towers), reflecting a California influence.,Her owner, Captain William Matson, was the founder of Matson Navigation Company. His incoming luxury liners would pay tribute to the pink lady with three blasts of the whistle as they passed by. There would then be a great scurry as two tug boats would be sent out to the meet the ship with hula dancers, photographers, hotel staff and bundles of leis.,During the 1920s and 30s, only the rich, leisured class could afford the time and expense of traveling to Hawaii. That list included the Rockefellers, Fords and Duponts. They stayed at the Pink Palace for months at a time, bringing with them numerous steamer trunks, personal servants and even their own Rolls-Royces.,They were welcomed into the lobby, the same lobby that you can see today with its black terrazzo–marble floor, heavy chandeliers, handwoven carpets and giant floral arrangements . There they were met by some of the 300 staff, including 10 elevator operators, and bellhops dressed in Chinese costumes.,Then it was off to the best suites, which faced the garden, rather than the ocean. It was felt that after a five-day ocean voyage eyes needed lush green rather than more staring at the horizon.,Hollywood’s large movie studios also scrambled to gain publicity by having their stars visit this exotic location. Spencer Tracy, Shirley Temple, Mary Pickford, William Powell, Peter Lawford and Carole Lombard were all guests during this era.,Life at the pink palace was an endless whirl of tea dances, beach picnics, grand banquets and champagne parties. Men socialized in their private smoking room, while the women had a separate lounge, entered by parting long strands of pearls.,The wealth and frivolity came to a dramatic halt on the 7th of December, 1941, when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor; the United States entered the war the following day. Thousands of defense-related personnel moved through Hawaii during World War II, and of them many stayed at The Royal Hawaiian, which was leased exclusively by the U.S. Navy as a place for rest and relaxation.,Officers paid one dollar a day, and enlisted men could stay for 25 cents. But it was very a different Royal Hawaiian. Barbed wire stretched the length of Waikiki Beach; the bar became a soda fountain; the beauty salon became a dispensary; and the tennis court became a basketball court.,Some of the men did not treat the Pink Lady as well as her high-class customers. They carved initials in her doorframes, scarred expensive furnishings with cigarette burns and even hung their underwear out to dry on the elegant lanais. The hotel management looked on, perhaps at times nervously glancing at the floor. Beneath the floor, they had carefully sealed away the entrance to the Royal’s world-class wine cellar so it looked like part of the foundation. Thankfully, their guests never did find it.,When the war ended in 1945, the U.S. Navy returned the hotel to its owners, and the Pink Lady received a $2 million-dollar makeover. Ironically, it was the military that now formed the basis of Hawaii’s post-war tourist boom. Many had fallen in love with Hawaii’s climate and relaxed lifestyle, and wanted to bring their wives and families back for a visit.,By the 1960s the jet age was in full swing and tourists flooded Hawaii. A concrete tourist ghetto grew around the beach at Waikiki. The Royal Hawaiian’s luxuriant front garden was whittled away and a fortress-like shopping center obscured the Royal’s stately façade from passers-by.,But nothing could take away her pride of place, beach frontage on the sands of Waikiki.,Fortunately for nostalgia buffs, the façade, interior spaces and ambiance of this classic old hotel remain essentially unchanged. Alas, she is no longer considered five stars, but holds a Mobil Travel Guidethree-star rating. Accommodation in the original building (Sheraton added on a tower in 1969) is the least expensive. With Internet trawling you can save up to a third off rack rate.,I found my room in the historic wing spacious, with lofty ceilings. It had a four-poster canopy bed, flowered wallpaper and Queen Anne period furnishings. There was also complimentary, freshly baked banana bread.,The large area that once provided trunk storage had been turned into a fridge and wet bar area. And absolutely everything was pink — sheets, carpets, towels, napkins and even soap.,The quintessential tourist experience is to sit in the hotel’s Mai Tai Bar, sipping one of the signature pink rum cocktails while the sun dips into the horizon. Your backdrop is the rolling surf and Oahu’s land mark Diamond Head mountain towering in the distance. The trade winds rustle the pink beach umbrellas and the ardent surfers ply the waves.,On my last evening I see a woman sitting at the bar heavily made up to look as if she might be 20 years younger. She wears a pink floral dress, pink jewels and a huge pink hat that shades the gentle scarring of face lifts. Batting her eyelashes demurely at the stranger next to her as if she were still a young girl, she has the demeanor of a woman who knows that she is still desirable, despite the years.,If You Go,The Royal Hawaiian Hotel,www.royal-hawaiian.com,Most of the hotel’s seafront rooms are in the new tower. A free historical walking tour of the Royal Hawaiian is offered every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 2 p.m., guided by volunteers from the Waikiki Community Center., ,Bustling beaches, medieval architecture and a high-rise skyline characterize this Caribbean city.,Imagine the high-rise skyline of the Australian Gold Coast. Imagine the bustling hive of activity of Thai beach resorts.,Imagine the architecture of Andalusia. What do you get when you mix them altogether? Surprisingly, a Caribbean beachside city in Colombia.,Cartagena, also known as Cartagena de Indias (Cartagena of the West Indies), is a sun-drenched city in the north of Colombia.,It has a history harking back to the era of pirates and Spanish colonialism, and a present that’s lively and diverse.,It is a combination of the laid-back South American mañana culture (everything will be done tomorrow, just you wait and see!) and the proud, fun-loving Colombian way of life.,Colombia as a travel destination isn’t everyone’s cup of coffee. South America’s second most-populous country, has a troubled past and a present plagued by bloody political conflicts, destabilizing guerrilla and paramilitary groups, mass kidnapping for ransom and powerful drug cartels.,It has an even worse reputation, and is perceived to offer only a few tourist attractions worth the risk. The United State’s Department of State warns of ongoing security concerns for travelers largely as a result of the illicit drug trade.,However, it is also stated that “violence has continued to decrease markedly in most urban areas, including Bogotá, Medellin, Barranquilla and Cartagena.”,Since President Álvaro Uribe took office in 2002, his hardline approach called “democratic security” has notably increased Colombia’s stability and security by significantly boosting its military strength and police presence throughout the country.,Due to the improved security, cruise ships are expected to return to the seaport of Cartagena in the fall of 2007.,Travelers can experience summer, winter, autumn and spring at the same time, depending on their location. The Caribbean coastal lowlands in the tropical north are always hot.,The mountainous region of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta, at an elevation of 18,700 feet (5,700 m) above sea level — and a mere 26 miles (42 km) from the coastline — boasts an alpine climate with cool temperatures, typically in the mid-50s or below.,At 8,661 feet (2640 m) above sea level, the capital and largest city, Bogotá (pop. 6.7 million), rarely heats up above a pleasant 68°F (20 C).,Stepping off the plane in tropical Cartagena though, the heat hits like the shots from colonial cannons as you wonder why you left the stable fall weather of Bogotá to be here.,It only takes the 10-minute drive from Rafael Núñez International Airport, in the neighborhood of Crespo, to the old part of the city, also called Walled City or Corralito de Piedra, to realize the answer:,Mounted cannons on one side, the turquoise-blue Caribbean sea on the other, and straight ahead a horizon filled with apartment buildings that wouldn’t look out of place in the opening of the popular TV show CSI: Miami.,It’s Cartagena’s diversity — physically, ethnically and historically — that fascinates the visitor and may also be the reason why Colombian writer and Nobel Prize – winner Gabriel García Márquez chose the port city as a setting for his celebrated novel Love in the Time of Cholera (1985).,There are two main areas to stay in Cartagena, depending on the number of pesos in one’s wallet and the preference for history or beaches.,Bocagrande (Big Mouth) is the city’s most modern area, with a plethora of restaurants, hotels, apartment blocks, nightclubs and even a casino.,The hotel zone never sleeps. Walk Avenida San Martín, the backbone of the area, at night to witness a bus full of merry intoxicated tourists meandering past, the latest Shakira song blaring from its speakers on a night tour of the city.,The beach in Bocagrande is one of Colombia’s most-visited tourist destinations, and covered with more salespeople per square foot than I’ve seen any other place. Vendors will stop by continually with a variety of foods and drinks.,Days can be spent here, sipping on Colombian beer or fresh juice, eating traditional Colombian fare like arepas (a flat cornmeal cake grilled, baked or fried and often split in half and stuffed with cheese, egg or anything you please), or simply just enjoying the weather and the sea.,But the true crown in Cartagena is the Walled City. Cartagena was founded in 1533 by Pedro de Heredia, a Spanish conqueror forced to leave Spain after killing three noblemen in a brawl.,The city gained importance as a port when the Spanish used Cartagena as a stop-over on their way to Cuba before continuing on to Spain.,The ships were filled with pillaged riches transported to Cartagena on the Río Magdalena, a 950-mile-long (1,540 km) river that runs deep into the interior of Colombia.,In the 17th century, Cartagena was also a slave port, where workers were bought and sold for work in mines.,It was the combination of these two factors that allowed the city to grow and prosper, and led to the architectural beauty that prevails to this day.,Entirely surrounded by walls and just a stone’s throw from the water, Cartagena has the most extensive fortifications in South America.,The UNESCO World Heritage site of the Walled City contains three major neighborhoods: San Pedro, with the cathedral and many Andalusian-style palaces; San Diego, where many merchants and the middle class lived; and Getsemani, the neighborhood for the common people.,The architecture in the old center is mainly colonial style, but there are also republican- and Italian-style buildings here, such as the bell tower of Cartagena’s cathedral, for example.,Some of the two-or three-storey houses boast enormous wooden doors, and many have beautiful colonial-style balconies with flowering vines hanging over their sides.,Only certain parts of the Walled City are accessible to cars. The sound of horse hoofs (pulling carts) on the cobbled roads serves as a colonial-style horn.,In Cartagena’s historical heart, the various plazas, such as Plaza de Bolívar or Plaza Santo Domingo, are great places to have a cold drink and soak up the atmosphere.,Just next to the latter is a church with the same name; Santa Domingo has a domed roof and various murals. Don’t miss the luxury Sofitel Santa Clara Hotel, a renovated 17th-century Clarisse convent.,To cap it off, have a drink at El Mirador, a rooftop bar off Plaza Santo Domingo, with a magnificent view of Bocagrande’s skyscrapers, the glistening Caribbean sea and the Walled City.,Cartagena ’s beauty, much like the rest of Colombia’s, lies in its history and its diversity. Now if you could only get off that beach …,Colombia Tourism Promotion Fund,www.turismocolombia.com, ,Take a trip to Boston to see one of the most iconic cities in America. Fill your vacation with history, art, culture and delicious seafood.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.   ,No one wants to think of their next vacation as an educational one, but with so much culture and history concentrated in one attractive location, Boston offers an appealing blend of relaxation and learning.  ,One of the original 13 American colonies, Boston has an aura of 18th-century that’s more of a gloss than a patina. Boston’s history is meant to be revisited no matter how many times you’ve met it before. And no matter how old you are.,Boston is also a pretty city. With architecture that’s close to what you’d find in London or Bath, it’s mostly low-rise and very walkable with photographic turns at every corner.,Art, as well as non-art museums, add to its all-family allure, not to mention the possibility for frequent oyster and coffee stops. Don’t bring a car – just a great pair of shoes and get ready to explore the charms that make Boston, Massachusetts a vacation-worthy city on two feet.,Back Bay and Beacon Hill are made of tortuous alleys and steep hills, with architecture that’s often mind-boggling with panes of lead glass turned purple with age and bowed windows mimicking those from England.,If you’re a photographer, this is a paradise and you’ll be fascinated with the details that sometimes appear out of nowhere.,Your photo stops here include the historic Boston City Hall, Boston Common, Boston Public Garden and the former site of the Bull and Finch Bar, the so-called “Cheers” Bar. And don’t forget to look down, the narrow cobblestoned streets and mews are the makings of digital memories.,Bustling Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Quincy Market and Haymarket fall along Boston’s Freedom Trail, a walkable path through history marked by red stones on the sidewalk.,At this market triangle, you’ll see stands hawking every kind of Boston, Massachusetts souvenir from lobster key chains to Red Sox T-s with illustrations of the Green Monster (it’s not an animal, it’s a “monstah”).,There’s also another oyster stop that you shouldn’t miss, The Union Oyster House. The tavern is a lesson in culinary history as well – it’s America’s oldest restaurant.  ,Behind the marketplaces, a short walk through Boston’s Little Italy, the North End, will take you to a variety of Italian eateries, all overflowing with conviviality and life. Hanover Street’s two charming bakeries, Mike’s and The Modern, each embody the Italian traditions of pastry and espresso.,Order a perugina, a rum-filled, sugar-dusted confection that only Boston shops seem to have. Continue to North Square where Paul Revere’s house is located. Take the brief tour for a sense of life in Colonial Boston. If you walk a little further, you’ll hit the water and the start of a beautiful stroll along the art-filled Rose Kennedy Greenway to the very happening Fort Point area.,Walk through this somewhat gritty, somewhat industrial, and newly vibrant residential and dining area for a taste of old Boston gone trendy. The kitschy, pseudo-historic Boston Tea Party Museum sits at the entrance to this popular neighborhood. Do the tour and throw some tea into the harbor to re-affirm your loyalty to the Colonies.,Then forge ahead to take advantage of the hip restaurants that have popped up throughout. Row 34 has some of the best oysters in town, set in a brick building from 1907 with original wood beams.,You’ll need to choose one of the restaurant’s many brews to wash the mollusks down like the popular White Allagash from Maine or a fruit-flavored sour beer. If the weather’s nice, Row 34’s outdoor deck is a marvel.,Nearby, the Barking Crab is a seafood shanty set on a boat where you can spend time with locals as well as visitors from around the world, whiling away the afternoon over a draft and a lobster roll.,For a choice of traditional Boston seafood with an upscale feel, Legal Seafoods Harborside has three floors overlooking Boston Harbor. The fried clams are out of this world and a worthy meal to have before you begin your cultural exploration of Boston’s many museums and galleries.,They have oysters, too, if you’re starting to experience a sense of raw shellfish withdrawal.,Get out on the ocean and see the fishing in action while you learn about the rest of the city on the Boston Historic Sightseeing Cruise. Find more information and reserve your dates ahead here.,Boston has a plethora of museums to give you a heady dose of culture. ,The ICA Boston (Institute of Contemporary Art) is an impressive building designed by architects Diller Scofidio+Renfro. The cantilevered building overlooks Boston Harbor and also has an education center and outdoor patio, perfect for a break.,The Museum of Fine Arts is one of the country’s finest art institutions with major collections of Japanese art, impressionist art and more, spanning antiquity to the present. ,The Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum on the Fens is a jewel box of a museum, providing an intimate art experience in a Venetian-style palazzo. The private collection of art visionary Isabella Gardner sits in a Frederick Law Olmsted-designed setting and includes manicured gardens inside and out.    ,If your kids are whining that they’re tired of museums, take them to a game at Fenway Park. A different kind of museum, the beloved baseball stadium is the country’s oldest with originality that you won’t find at any other MLB Stadium (except, perhaps Wrigley Field).,Buy a Fenway Frank and some kettle corn, note the Green Monster (now the t-shirts make sense!), and soak up the classic baseball experience. If they’re amenable, you can also book a tour of the hallowed stadium which takes you through more than 100 years of Red Sox history as well as the various nooks of the legendary ballpark.,Tours are also offered post-season.,Get the best experience at Fenway on the one-hour Fenway Walking Tour. Book your spot here.,With a TsuruTonTan udon and noodle restaurant right off the lobby and the hotel’s central location near Fenway Park and many trolley lines, the Hotel Commonwealth is a great choice. Go for broke and stay in the Fenway Executive Suite, as close as you can be to the action of a game without leaving your hotel room. ,The Lenox Hotel offers gracious accommodations, a welcoming environment, and a newly renovated bar, all in the center of popular Copley Square. The Lenox makes a great starting point for exploring four of Boston’s most beautiful streets, Commonwealth Avenue, Beacon Street, Marlborough Street, and Newbury Street where you’ll find Boston’s best boutique shopping.,Also well-located, the new Four Seasons One Dalton Street offers five-star service and well-appointed rooms and public areas in the heart of Back Bay.,For somewhere a bit funkier, the Liberty Hotel near the Museum of Science was built in an old jail dating from 1851 and has a bar called Alibi with cells doubling as private dining nooks.,If you prefer a waterfront location, check out the new hotels in Fort Point. Hilton Honors members now have two hotels perfect for families and couples alike in a beautiful setting for walking the promenade.,Located at the gateway to the Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park, the new Hampton Inn and Homewood Suites by Hilton Boston Seaport sit in the same building and share facilities.,Closer to the Barking Crab and Fort Point Channel, The Envoy is a funky boutique with dramatic art and a rooftop with expansive harbor views.,Add a beach dimension to your city stay by visiting the beautiful Cape Cod. Just an hour from the city, the Cape is an easy day trip or overnight. Book a stay at AutoCamp in Falmouth.,The cool camp has 108 Airstreams to book as well as tents, all appointed with luxury, social distancing and comfort in mind. A two-night minimum is required but you might want to extend your Boston holiday just to stay at this one-of-a-kind “resort.” ,While on the Cape, drive to the tip of the peninsula to Provincetown, returning to Boston, Massachusetts after stopping at the various seaside towns and oyster bars along the way.,Ready to explore the exciting city of Boston, Massachusetts? Be prepared with more hotel and VRBO options, insider tips on what to see, local restaurant reviews and more with TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Get the most out of your stay by booking some tours, skip-the-line tickets and other Boston activities on GetYourGuide. Browse and book here.,Little Passports is an award-winning subscription program that deliver kits to inspire children to explore countries around the globe. Each delivery includes extraordinary learning tools for kids ages 3 to 12.,When I first heard about Little Passports I was intrigued, and when I received my package in the mail, I felt giddy, anticipating what was inside. Here at Go World Travel, we believe that travel opens our eyes and broadens our views. Introducing our kids to the world at an early age is important. Little Passports seemed an excellent way to do that, so I ordered the World Edition kit to see for myself.,Little Passports is an award-winning subscription program that inspires children to learn about countries around the globe. Their kits, which are sent via the mail, include Early Explorers for ages 3-5, World Edition for ages 6-10, US Edition for ages 7-12, and Science Edition for ages 9+.,The subscription includes hands-on activities, activity sheets, stickers, passports, online games and crafts and recipes from around the world.,This kit is especially exciting for kids now, since travel options have been minimized during COVID-19. Children can still get a spark of curiosity for seeing the world by learning about different cultures and landscapes with the bundles from Little Passports delivered to your home.,What fun to open my first box of the World Edition and find a small suitcase with a new passport, a map, luggage tag, activity sheet, online activities and a letter from my pen pals Sofia and Sam. Now I was excited to get my first country package.,The first Little Passports country package I received was Egypt. It contained a sticker to put in the passport and a sticker pin to put on my large map to let me know where I would be going.,There were several activities on my Egypt activity sheet. My hands-on activity was to do an archaeological dig of a pyramid.,I took the pyramid outside so I didn’t get sand/plaster all over my table. The plastic tools provided were sturdy and none of them broke as I hammered away at the pyramid. I do have to say however, I was tempted more than once to get out a hammer and get it done in one fell swoop.,But, I knew that would defeat the purpose of learning about archaeological digs. They are time consuming and require patience. This may be a project you do over time if your child loses interest. But I would much rather them spend half an hour working on this, than watching TV.,My next package was England. It also included the stickers, activity sheets, online games, a hands-on 3D Tower of London puzzle. This one also included a luggage tag for my suitcase. I assume that my Egypt package should have also had the luggage tag.,Little Passports is a great value for your money. Each package includes hours of fun learning that you can do in one afternoon or spread out over the month. It can spur your children on to do more research about the country or state that is highlighted.,This is a great gift for grandparents to give to their grandchildren or parents to give to their children. I’d also recommend Little Passports for homeschooling and there is even a classroom teacher edition. Check out their gift guide here.,Great job Little Passports!,A walk through Ravi’s Spices Garden brings to light the role spices played in shaping world politics. Don’t miss this culinary tour in India.,We followed a dirt path too small for our van into Ravi’s Spices Garden. The temperature was cool and the mosquitoes nearly absent. It was a welcome break from the long car ride through Kerala, an Indian state well-known for its spice cultivation.,I was here on a women-only tour with A Classic Tours Collection, and our tour leader had arranged for a conversation with a spice specialist. Spices are a big part of Indian culture; we had picked up on this simply through our culinary experiences.,What we didn’t know, however, was how spices shaped the world’s development and politics. We didn’t even know the half of it yet, our tour leader assured us.,Before that day, I had never really considered where my spices came from. Nor had I thought about the process that took place for them to look the way they did in my spice cabinet. If you had told me that spices played a role in my citizenship as an American, I would have been completely puzzled.,Our guide, Siad, led us through the lush farm, pausing from tree to tree. Growing up on his grandma’s spice plantation, he had been surrounded by spices and learned their medicinal properties at a young age. Now, Siad passed the information along to those who visited.,He gestured toward a vine of green kernels dangling from a jackfruit tree. Clustered together, they looked like strings of tiny pearls. “This is pepper. In India, we call it the king of spices.”,Siad explained the importance of black pepper in Indian cooking and medicine. A central ingredient in masalas and often used in Ayurvedic practices, black pepper helps reduce fever, asthma, and gas.,Long ago, the black pepper vine was indigenous only to South India, and it became highly prized for medicinal, spiritual and culinary uses. It could also be stored for extended periods of time. As the king of spices, black pepper was dubbed “black gold” and propelled the spice trade forward.,Some theorize that the Romans began trading with India in the first century—there are mentions of India and black pepper as early as A.D. 77 in Pliny the Elder’s Natural History. But perhaps the most significant move in the spice trade was explorer Vasco da Gama’s journey to India in 1497.,Da Gama sought to create a trade route for Portugal through the Atlantic to India. His expedition wasn’t without brutality. Da Gama’s ships were equipped with a cannon, and he was said to have terrorized other ships on the sea, ransacking their goods and then burning the ships.,Two years later, when da Gama returned to Portugal, less than half of his original crew remained. Aggressively, da Gama had pulled off the first transatlantic trip from Europe to India and monopolized the spice market.,Portugal’s monopoly didn’t last long though, and it kickstarted a series of events that led to the creation of the Dutch and British East India companies. For hundreds of years, India, Holland, Britain, and Portugal would continue fighting for power in a spice war before the British completely took over.,No longer the world’s largest producer of black pepper, Kerala’s climate is still optimal for plant growth. A twin monsoon washes the vine and pollinates the plants, encouraging high-quality fruit to flourish. In fact, legend has it that when da Gama requested to take a vine home with him, the king granted him permission, knowing that without the Kerala climate, the vine would be useless in Portugal.,The tenacious vines wind their way up to the sky in search for sunlight, climbing whichever tree or stick that gets them closer. The best of the fruits are typically at great heights, and thus, black pepper is only harvested by men in Kerala.,Women, dressed in saris, would have a difficult time climbing up trees to pluck the plants, Siad explained.,After the tour, he asked if we wanted to buy any spices. We couldn’t resist. Stepping into the spice shop, I inhaled. It smelled like a blend of history and culture.,I thought back on the stories Siad had told us. Each spice he showed us had its own medicinal benefits. Apparently, nutmeg works as a natural Viagra, and turmeric can help bleach peach fuzz. That was all fascinating, but I couldn’t stop thinking about the king.,Clutching the little packets of spice close to my chest, I let my mind wander to the ancient ships of Vasco da Gama, the Portuguese domination of the spice trade and the lost ships at sea. Even Christopher Columbus, in his attempt to find a route to India and her spices, accidentally discovered America in the 15th century, setting off a whole series of events that led to the creation of the United States.,Spices, what we take for granted in our kitchens and grocery stores, were an invisible cornerstone of history. Chasing after a spice indigenous only to this region, the trajectory of an entire world was changed forever. It deserved its name, king of spices.,Iona Brannon is a travel writer based in Los Angeles. Follow her journeys on ionabrannon.com or @ionawanders.,“I AM SIGMUND SPIELBERG!!!” The obviously unemployable flaneur with umlaut eyes landed at my marble-topped table without a…,“I AM SIGMUND SPIELBERG!!!”,The obviously unemployable flaneur with umlaut eyes landed at my marble-topped table without a proper invite, brusquely pushing aside a Thonet wooden chair.,Brandishing a copy of Der Spiegel on a wooden rolling pin in his left hand, and reeking from an unfortunate cologne resembling turning fruit or female arousal or even Cutter, Sigmund sighed, coughing up and swallowing a leech-like phlegm ball.,“Wow!” I breathed in speedy disbelief. “Any relation to the American filmmaker Steven Spielberg?!”,“Why yes!” “Siggy” fogged up his Rayban aviator sunglasses and polished the lenses on a starched white napkin, smiling like a demon out of Hieronymous Bosch. “Steven Spielberg is a distant cousin of mine. . . .”,We were at the legendary Grand Café (a classic Fin de Siecle “grand café”), where reservations are suggested: (00 43 1-580 9120), and which is perhaps Vienna’s most storied meeting place. Easily located right on the first floor of the Grand Hotel Wien (9 Kaertnerstrasse) on Vienna’s romantic Ringstrasse, this atmospheric kaffehaus (coffeehouse) resembled any Danté-like circle of hell, with dark exhaust-spewing Mercedes-Benzes prowling around outside on the famous circular road like canny reef sharks, just waiting to take you on a “luxus” ride into the other side of night.,However, inside with its vaulted ceilings, marble pillars, wooden hatracks, bentwood chairs and foreign periodicals on roller sticks, the Café Grand (or Grand Café) was once the haunt of such dastardly political villains as Lenin, Trotsky and Freud.,It almost seemed like at any minute an anarchist, perhaps a Serbian terrorist from “The Black Hand,” who assassinated The Archduke Ferdinand in Sarajevo, thus sparking World War I, would come in and roll a bowling-ball shaped bomb down the elaborately laid parquet flooring.,Although, I couldn’t tell offhand if “Siggy” was just an apparent poseur dressed in a 19th-century-style frockcoat, more Fraud than Freud. Instead I took him at his word.,“Willkommen, Bienvenu, Welcome!” Siggy sang like Joel Gray in “Cabaret.”,Everything was oh-so perfect, an epiphany – even if this spectacle was one of the only non-smoking demesnes in all of Vienna. Why? Nothing goes better with a cigarette than a “machiatto”!,Ah, at last, the al fresco!,Siggy and I left the Café Grand, much like a quick gay pickup (even though I am straight), in order to direct me on a walking tour of Vienna’s favorite sites, taking in as many Kaffeeklatches we could muster. In retrospect, I never drank more cups of coffee in my life.,Arriving at the Café Central (14 Herrengasse), frogmarched there by my newfound friend, as confident a tour guide as Rick Steves, if not Anthony Bourdain, I decided that this was one of the best cafés in Die Welt.,Vienna was the site of Europe’s very first Kaffeehaus, opened in 1685 (name unknown) with a busybee umph and a royal assist. According to legend, when the Ottoman Turks retreated from their deadly siege of the Austro-Hungarian city in 1683, they left behind bags of coffee beans, which were promptly “brewed” by the Habsburgian army, then led by “Prussian” Polish general Jan Sobieski. Austrians poured hot water on the crushed-up beans, and presto!,Thus, both kaffee (based upon Islamic loot originally derived from Ethiopia) and the croissant (based upon the sickle in Turkish flags) overtook the city, and later the entire Eurasian continent. Today, Austria has the second-highest coffee consumption per capita in the world, topped only by (curiously) Norway.,With coffee beans being a 300-year-old tradition, a favorite of visiting vampires Moliere and Voltaire (as well as many other philosophers), Vienna proves that coffee isn’t just a right, but also a privilege. One Holy Roman Emperor, a Habsburg, once suggested banning coffee as the “devil’s drink,” but nobody in the Holy Roman Empire (800-1806) or subsequent Austro-Hungarian Empire (1867-1918) cooperated with the decree, nor paid any attention to it.,By 1900, there were over 600 coffee houses in the city, but now there are only a couple of hundred left. The then-closed-down Café Ritter (1867) almost declared bankruptcy recently, even though it once upon a time ruled with its “Wienerschnitzel” and “Tafelspitz” and “Gugelhupf.”,At the corner of Tuchlabenstrasse and Brandståtte, Siggy and I entered the little-known Café Korb (1904), intentionally not included in my Best Of List, and then quickly exited without ordering. “Too crowded!” Siggy fumed with force majeur. “We will go for real ‘Eiskaffee’!”,Not long after, assisted to our chairs in a fairly nondescript but opulent café, whose name I spaced, Siggy removed his feet from the floor and placed them on a neighboring seat. His pointy leather shoes were ugly and scuffed. While my Rockport walking shoes were the envy of every foot fetishist on the continent, I secretly suspected Siggy was a feet man.,A waiter resembling a young Gustav Klimt, in a starched white apron, took our orders on a notepad, as I asked, “What’s the name of this café?”,“Bitte?”,“Der name? Das Kaffeehaus?”,“Ach-so, Kaffe Sperl. . .”,Somehow Siggy and I had landed at one of Vienna’s most famous and atmospheric cafes, the Café Sperl (11 Gumpendorferstrasse), built in 1880 with a Waspy yellow-and-black exterior facade—all smoke and mirrors, on a difficult to pronounce thoroughfare. This Belle Epoch building topped even the tacky Grand Prospect Hall in Brooklyn. I felt like a character from Graham Greene’s “The Third Man” (1949) – also a classic film with Joseph Cotton and Orson Welles, which made the iconic “Big Wheel” (built by British architect Walter Basset in the 1880s) justly famous. We both ordered cheesecake and café du lait, recommended in my guidebook.,But unfortunately, I had to give the “Sperl” an unhurried hurl and a vigorous Roman thumb’s down – poisoned!,“Now we go to the very important Platz!” Siggy enthused, laughing at my coughed-up “Type II diabetes”- endangering sweet yuck. “Yes, we go to only the best next!”,Of course this next-best coffee stop turned out to be the tourist-mobbed “Café Demel” (14 Kohlmarkt: 00 431-5351 7170), the only café, really a confectionary, that might require a phoned-in reservation in advance. Even so, we settled down after a long wait for some “Mohr Im Hemd” (chocolate soufflé pudding), “Lakronene” (macaroons) and ginger hot chocolate.,I didn’t mind paying for everything up to now, but the bill was too steep to cover on my own. I politely asked for a donation, and Siggy handed me a crushed up ball of euros.,Switching to white “Gerwertzentraminer” (dry white wine), I realized that it was kind of fun to be lost. In fact, the Kaffeehaus poet Peter Altenburg often gave up his personal address as “Vienna I. Café [blank],” as an ode to way opulent monumentalism and romantic historicism.,After ducking into The Diglas Café (10 Wollzeilestrasse), with believe it or not, see-through toilets, for a tourist bathroom break, I sanitized my hands before ordering their signature vanilla custard and a cuppa. Not bad, but not good enough for my must-see list.,Ditto, the “Adolf Loos”-designed Café Muzeum (1899), Egon Schiele’s favorite pit stop for high-octane fuel. Although we just barely stepped into its shadows, Siggy assured me that for the Preis (all nouns in German are capitalized) of a single espresso you could stay here for hours undisturbed, writing postcards.,Then as a joke (I wasn’t laughing), Siggy pointed out one of the city’s local Starbucks (49 Kartnerstrasse), with free Wifi. At least this chain is preferable to the Indian-owned “Coffee Day,” which lingered around the city off-puttingly like butt-stinky curry or stale cigar smoke.,Somewhere around the impressively forbidding Gothic Schoenbrun Palace (architect: Fisher von Ehrlich), I lost Siggy in the crowd of en vogue boulevardiers and fashionistas with ponytails while I continued my architectural waltz past monuments covered in my Berlitz Guide. And at last I started waltzing back to my “Zimmer” (private room) in the Centrum, whose “comedia dell arte” common room served 5-euro coffee and “Streissekooken” for mostly impecunious backpackers and Roma (gypsy) musicians, even though it didn’t make my Top Twelve List. . . .,But you have got to love those free Hershey’s Kisses ™, rather than Austrian chocos (comparible with Swiss brands) resembling chess pieces or pert tatas?,In the end, I felt the spiritual uplift of the sine qua non musical-chairs-loving charmingly unctuous city around me, “a place where time and space is consumed,” as well as plenty of pretty polly. With the bile of the “Blue Danube” rushing by me, I could tell why Wien’s café culture tradition is designated an (intangible) UNESCO World Heritage Site, much like reading a poem by Maria Rainier Rilke on the sly.,Even so, my literary waltzing tour (“on spec” with a “kill fee”) did not follow an either-or proposition. A tingle of dread adventure moved around in my stomach like a Stuxnet Worm stuck in cyberspace, as I eventually submitted to a monotone phonomat guide in German, sounding a lot like suppressed swearing. (I decided to skip the Art Nouveau Hohe Brucke, Parliament and Stock Exchange.),Catching my second wind, I ducked into the nearby Judenplatz, the former Jewish Ghetto, where I paid a quick visit to the Café Alstadt, which didn’t move me.,Oho! Maybe it was time after all to check my e-mail, exercise my pop-up-menu eyes and football-shaped occipital lobe, even though I did not have a regular job to go back to and could travel indefinitely if I had my druthers.,Hence, I suddenly had an ah-ha experience, like an unsold soul illumined by an MRI, while the light wind sucker punched my windbreaker, combined with little bouncing baubles of hail. . . .,I retreated into an open opulent palais, the Kunsthistorisches Muzeum and sat among the displays, reading Richard Basset’s “A Guide to Central Europe” (Penguin Books, 1987), mostly to relieve the loneliness of the road, antsy with apercus.,I read about St. Stephen’s Cathedral (bombed during World War II, but rebuilt according to the original blueprints), the beating heart of the city like a trot of Lippanzeer stallions in the Winter Riding School built in 1722. I could not believe that Habsburg rule lasted over 800 centuries! In fact, the empire from Otto I (crowned in 962) to Francis I (rule ending in 1918) stretched all the way from the North Sea to the Mediterranean Sea. At its zenith the Austro-Hungarian Empire included not only Austria and Hungary (albeit eventually divorced from Germany and Italy), but also much of present-day Romania, Czech Republic, Slovenia, Croatia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Slovakia, Luxembourg and parts of Poland and Serbia.,Incidentally, my friend Erik D’Amato, an American expat, claims he met the last known Habsburg, Otto van Habsburg, while ogling the awesome spires and domes of the Austrian capital, at an undisclosed location, or perhaps he was just pulling my leg.,In some ways, reading about the “sights” was preferable to actually visiting them, in the same way that grainy reality only becomes clear in retrospect and in revisionism. For example, I didn’t know that the progressive Emporer Franz Joseph (ruled 1780-1790) freed both the Serfs and the Jews. I also wondered about Vienna’s “Mannerism Movement,” which seemed to claim that art was only a mannerism. At least this beat pub-crawling through Vienna’s “Bierstubes” (beer banks) and “Weingartens” (wine gardens).,After a quick pick-me-up at an undisclosed location, serving “Schlosserbuben” (chocolate nut pudding), similar to Nutella ™, I went to see the embalmed hearts of all the Habsburgs in the “Loretto Chapel” of the Neo-Classical Augustine Church.,And then on to Café Hawelka, run by an impressive Frau off the beaten paths of the Herengasse, Graben and Kohlmarkt, which look like they were built specifically for tourists. But this city is still filled with ”hidden neighborhoods,” such as the Jasomirgottstrasse (“So Help Me God Street”) and the Schonlaterngasse (“Street of the Beautiful Lanterns”). I felt like a frankfurter with “liberty cabbage” (a.k.a., “sauerkraut” or “choucroute”) with an info overload.,Heading down the Singerstrasse to the Deutsch “Ordenskirche” (The Church of the Teutonic Order), I checked my tourist map for the Hofburg “Crib”, which purportedly held Charlemagne’s Sword.,Last stop: Café Landtmann (4 Dr. Karl Lueger-Ring)—once a hangout for the Emperor Francis I and the Empress Maria Theresa, back when linoleum was a new invention.
I felt fortunate enough to step backward in time, surrounded outside the awesome edifice by horse-drawn “Fiakers,” to the age of the Holy Roman Empire, which was neither holy nor Roman.,What about the Café Mozart (2 Albertinaplatz)? Nah!,Instead, with my music tuned in to the famous Vienna Boys’ Choir, I stopped awhile at the “Nachtung Markt” to buy prezzies like elderberry balsamic vinegar, sweet palatschinken (sweet pancakes), and a fanciful piece of Marzipan resembling Homer Simpson. . . .,“Doh!”,Or, maybe bite the head off a “kugeln” Obama!”,“Achtung, baby!”,If You Go,Information on travel in Vienna
Vienna Tourist Office
www.vienna.info,ORDERING LIKE A PRO: TYPES OF WIEN COFFEE,1. SCHWARZER (espresso)
2. BRAUNER (espresso and warm milk)
3. VERKHERTER (latté)
4. MELANGE (cappuccino)
5. VERLANGERTER (American)
6. FLAKER (coffee with rum and whipped cream),THE DIRTY DOZEN: THE TOP 12 GRAND CAFES OF VIENNA:,1. CAFÉ GRAND: (1880): (9 Kaertner Ring)): This typical Fin de Siecle “grand café,” often confused with the Café Central, on the first floor of the Grand Hotel Wien, is on the Kartner Ring near the Vienna State Opera. Try, the excellent spongy “Guglhupf” (Ring Cake) and coffee to die for, while wallowing in their excellent musical taste: Austrian Flamenco guitarist Otmar Liebert included.,2. CAFÉ MOZART: (1794): (2 Albertinaplatz): This traditional “kaffeehaus,” is one of the oldest cafes in Vienna, and also one of its most famous, perfect for writing in your moleskin notebook, even though the radio speakers no longer play much Mozart (“Eine Kleine Nachtmusik” anyone?), but instead blast at low volume Soundgarten’s “Black Hole Sun” and Beck’s “Dark Star.” Try, a “cappuccino” which comes with a gratis glass of “Wasser” (tap water) and a chocolate amuse bouche called “Mozart Kugelyn” (Mozart Candies), little golf-ball-shaped Marzipan sweets which Germanic peoples pop like Prozak addictions.,3. CAFÉ HAWELKA: (1939): (6 Dorotheestrasse): This charming café, with so-called Jugendstil décor, feels a little like an “extended living room,” a place to be alone, but with company, and a touristy soundtrack from both Strausses: Johannes and Ricard. Try, the “Buchteinn” (sweet buns), with a strong shot of espresso.,4. CAFÉ SACHER: (1880): (4 Philharmonikerstrasse): This lesson in Mittel Europa opulence is less dangerous than one would think, until the bill arrives at least. Try, the chic pulled 100% Arabica shots in small cups along with the–yeah, you guessed it–signature “Sacher Torte”: the forerunner of modern-day bodega-bought chocolate Yodels ™.,5. CAFE LANDTMAN: (1873): (4 Dr. Karl Lueger-Ring): This landmark coffee stop right behind the Burgtheater is perhaps the least romantic café in Europe, even though it was once a favorite of Marleine Dietrich (and more recently incognitoed Paul McCartney and Hillary Clinton), still with brisk waiters and bored baristas in starched-white aprons and Prussian “Walrus” mustaches. Try, the ghoulish “ghoulash,” which resembles cannibalism on spaetzle.,6. CAFÉ GRIENSTEIDL: (1847): (2 Michaelerplatz): This utopian Belle Epoque pretender is one of the most storied of utopian kaffehauses, claiming that Checkov once arrived here with a female companion: a lady with a lapdog. Try, the Austro-Hungarian-style “Linzer Torte.”,7. PRINCE COFFEE CLUB: (2013): (8-9 Hoher Markt ): This “functional” recently revamped and reopened Space Age “moderne” café was built by the architect Peter Døllman and boasts probably the best regular joe in Vienna, as well as “Kapuziner” and “Einspanner,” better even than McDonald’s. Try, the “Wiener Blut” (Vienna’s blood sausages with “kraut”—whoops, “No have. . . .”).,8. CAFÉ SCHWARZENBERG: (1890): (17 Kartner Ring): This storybook “Bohemian” grand café is popular with perpetual students and local flaneurs practicing Import-Export—euphemistic slang for “chronic unemployment. Try, the “mokka” (chocolate and coffee), along with a smoke (allowed here).,9. CAFÉ ALT WIEN: (1936): (9 Båckerstrasse): This dark and gloomy film-noir café, founded by Leopold Hawelka, owner of the famous “Café Hawelka,” pretty much sums up what life is all about: doing absolutely nothing in particular. Try, “Fruhstuck” (breakfast) along with some dynamite joe, again served up with a glass of water and a freebie chocolate.,10. CAFÉ PRUCKEL: (1950): (24 Stubenring): This mockup of a grand café from the era of B-flicks, is a corner café which corners the market in people watching, mostly dapper old men and femme fatales, right on the legendary Ringstrasse. Try, the Austrian version of creampuffs filled with clotted crème fraishe.,11. CAFE SPERL: (1880): (11 Gumpendorferstrasse): This eye-opening “sitch” with a Waspy yellow-and-black exterior is a good-enough reason to expatriate yourself here for a year or more, maybe washing dishes, what George Orlwell called a “plongeur.” Try, the bratwurst with whatever you want, maybe a “Brauner” (milky espresso) or “Verkherter” (foamy latte).,12. CAFÉ CENTRAL: (1876): (14 Herrengasse): This opulent classic café evokes time travel at its best, with a literary scene bar none, and a personal favorite in the lively Viennese café scene. Try, the “Flaker” (coffee with rum and whipped cream) and fly like an eagle–or perhaps, make a monarchical game of cards with an obvious “Damen und Herren” pickup.,Author Bio: John Edwards won five NATJA Awards for 2012, as well as two Transitions Abroad Narrative Essay Contest Awards (2010 and 2012). He scored two two Notable Essays nods in The Best American Essays (2011 and 2012).,Ciutadella, Menorca in Spain is one of the most charming cities on the Meditteranean with a stunning port, historic sights and delicious food.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,The most charming city in the Mediterranean is in Spain, specifically Menorca. Located at the western end of this unique island, Ciutadella Menorca is a place many fall in love with at first sight.,Once the ancient capital, its remote origins have left an important archaeological heritage. At the same time, it still maintains the stately air in its buildings of sandstone.,Near the city, there is a paradise of excellent beaches and coves and picturesque fishing villages. To all this is added its tasty culinary tradition, based on seafood.,Menorca is an island that has had countless inhabitants, something that is reflected in its architecture and history. Specifically, it was populated at the beginning of the Bronze Age, so there is evidence of primitive human settlements on the island as early as 2000 B.C.,There are abundant archaeological finds that are still preserved as megalithic monuments such as taulas, navetas or talayots. This island is an open-air museum.,Later the Phoenicians, the Greeks and the Carthaginians would pass through here. Romans and Muslims would also leave their mark on the island, the latter being the ones who would place Ciutadella as their capital. In fact, the Menorcans’ love for horses is also an Arab heritage. This can be seen especially in their festivals.,From the 13th century onwards, Menorca passed into Christian hands after being conquered by King Alfonso III. But another key moment in the development of this island was in 1708 when it was conquered by the British.,The British dominated the island for more than half a century and decided to transfer the capital to Mahón, where this English influence is still noticeable.,Strolling through its historic center among palaces, squares full of terraces, cobbled streets and craft stores is a delight. In addition, it is a city with a lot of life, especially at night.,The best way to start a tour of Ciutadella is in its main square, the Plaza del Born. It is in the center of the old town and was once the parade ground of the medieval citadel.,Here, the Town Hall, Palau Salort, Palau Vivo and Palau de Torre-Saura are some of the main buildings that reflect the history of the city. In addition, an obelisk presides over the center of this traditional scene of festivals and other social events of great importance in the city.,Then there is the Cathedral, erected in the 14th century on the site of the old main mosque that stood during the Arab period. In front of the Cathedral stands the neoclassical facade of the Olives Palace, another of the noble houses of the city.,The main street leads to Santa Maria de Ciutadella, the main Catholic temple of Menorca. This Gothic-style building was ordered to be built over an old mosque by King Alfonso II.,In the center of old Ciutadella stands the cathedral. It is built of white, porous sandstone, the same material that is used in the different towns scattered around the island.,The cathedral was built where a mosque used to be. The minaret is still preserved and transformed into a bell tower. It is worth a guided tour of the cathedral because, in addition to admiring its interior, you can climb to its upper terrace, at the height of the gargoyles.,From here the views are unbeatable; Streets zigzag until they lead to beautiful squares. Towers of different churches and convents rise into the sky. And the long tongue of the port, with the wall on one side, is lined with swaying moored boats.,The port of Ciutadella Menorca is a charming little port that runs parallel to the more modern Citadel and the town hall until it reaches the historic center of the city.,It is long and narrow, although the central part was widened to be able to moor boats. The castle of Saint Nicolau is an 18th-century fortified tower that guards the entrance to the port. It houses an exhibition on the Biosphere Reserve of Menorca and the cannons that once protected it are now outside as a tourist attraction.,During the day this port functions as a fishing and sports pier, but on summer nights it becomes one of the liveliest places on the island. Dozens of bars and restaurants with terraces invite you to try Menorcan specialties.,Despite there being plenty of options, the popularity of the area can make getting a table challenging. Some of the most popular places are Café Balear, S’Amarador or Triton. At the end of the port, there is an area of pubs with different places to end the night dancing.,A beautiful street that descends from the Es Born square to the port is full of stores and stalls where you can find handmade and unique products.,The cultural richness of this island has also left its mark on Menorca’s gastronomy. Menorcan traditional cuisine is a perfect combination of rural and seafood dishes. Not surprisingly, the sea provides some of the main ingredients of the gastronomy of the Balearic Islands.,Caldereta de langosta (lobster stew) is one of Menorca’s most prestigious dishes. Tumbet is also a very popular side dish to accompany grilled fresh fish or meat. It is made with potatoes, fried peppers, eggplant, tomato sauce, olive oil and garlic. Nor can we leave Menorca without tasting its cheese Denomination of Origin Mahón.,Menorca is also the birthplace of one of the most famous sauces in the world: mayonnaise. In the beginning, it was made only with eggs and olive oil. The farmers and fishermen of the area used it to enhance the flavor of food. It was later when the French troops took this sauce to their country, that became popular in kitchens all over the world.,To put on the final sweet touch, we have the ensaimada, a kind of spiral-shaped bun. Although its origin is in neighboring Mallorca, on this island it has also become one of the sweets par excellence.,Ready to start planning an exciting getaway to Ciutadella? Get prepared with knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO accommodations, local restaurant reviews, insider tips on the best shopping and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Pack all your travel essentials and still have space to bring back all your souvenirs with the expanding carry-on suitcase from AWAY. Discover the rest of their top-rated travel bags here.,More helpful information: Restaurant in Ciutadella de Menorca S’Amarador (samarador.com,Author Bio: Based in France, Lucia Otero Medraño is Spanish with a master’s degree in travel journalism. She has worked in the tourism sector but her true passion is to live enriching experiences and discover amazing places around the world and write about them. In her spare time, she likes to enjoy her second passion, music.,In the remote mountains of Albania, some women have chosen to lead a life traditionally for men to escape the dominance of a patriarchal society. Here is their story.,In the remote mountains of northern Albania, there are villages where women live and act like men. They have short hair, wear baggy pants, and have traditionally male names. They drink and smoke in the company of men, carry guns and take up manly livelihoods such as shepherds or truck drivers.,These women have chosen to lead a man’s life not to express their sexuality but to escape the oppressive dominance of the patriarchal system. They are called sworn virgins or burrnesha.,However, such a privilege comes at a cost. The Sworn Virgins of Albania have taken a vow of lifelong virginity and chastity, a sacrifice none of these women has ever regretted making.,The Kanun dictates that women are the property of their husbands. Marriages should be arranged and fixed at birth or in early childhood.,Once a woman is deemed eligible to marry, she moves out of her parents’ home and into that of her husband’s. Taking care of her husband and children, and maintaining her home, then become her only duties.,The first sworn virgin was born out of social necessity. If the patriarch of the family dies and there is no male heir, an unmarried woman in the family could take on the role of a man and head the family.,She takes an irrevocable oath, in front of 12 village or tribal elders, to practice celibacy, and from that day on she becomes a man. She can wear pants, own property, take on male work and is entitled to all the rights and privileges of the male population.,Over the years, women became sworn virgins for different reasons. Some swore to avoid an arranged marriage without disgracing the family of the selected groom. Others swore to express their defiance and desire for independence.,While sworn virgins may never experience the pleasures of womanhood, of having a lifelong partner or bearing children, the allure of freedom from oppression, from constant physical labor, from submission to men is enough for many women to take the oath.,“Stripping off their sexuality by pledging to remain virgins was a way for these women in a male-dominated, segregated society to engage in public life. It was about surviving in a world where men rule.”,In the past few decades, Albania has made considerable progress on the issue of women’s rights, but in many regions in the mountains in the north of the country, modernity has not been reached.,Throughout modern history, the women of the remote mountains of northern Albania, like anywhere else, have had very few rights. They can’t vote or hold certain kinds of jobs, and can’t buy land or enter many establishments.,They can’t inherit property, conduct business, earn money, smoke, wear a watch or even swear out loud. These ancient laws and social customs, called Kanun of Leke Dukagjini, have been passed on orally among the clans of northern Albania for more than five centuries.,Planning a trip to Albania? Then check out this article to explore Albania.,Author’s Bio: Adam Picaku is an Albanian and the co-owner (along with his wife) of ALBANIA EXPRESS TRAVEL, a Travel Agency and DMC Balkan Tour Operator with great experience in arranging group tours, individual tours, accommodation, transport, experienced guides in different languages, events and meeting, Trekking, hiking and walking tours, holidays to Albania and its neighboring countries such as Montenegro, Macedonia, Kosovo, Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.,When the sweating slows and the fever burns off, hopefully you’ll realize that smiling makes breathing easier.,Day Zero: It takes all afternoon to let the rainy Himalayan nightmare sink in: I’ve hiked out of the charming, Tibetan hamlet of Dharamkot and all the way up a nameless mountain just to sign myself into a concentration camp. Actually, I signed up months ago, from Florida, via the Internet. Vipassana Meditation Courses fill up fast. They’re a surefire ticket to enlightenment for an unbelievable price: free.,All lodging, meals, instruction, chai and facilities are paid for by previous participants. But free comes with rules. Ten days of staggering silence. Men and women segregated. Cold plywood plank bunk beds. Four a.m. gongs. A miniature banana for dinner. No books. No journals. No iPod. No killing. No lying. No stealing. No sexual misconduct. Bucket showers. Hole-in-the-floor toilets. Oh, and meditation. Ten hours a day of sitting meditation, our backs burning like torches, our legs numb as pretzels carved in ice.,Day 1: At four, as promised, the gong goes off. I shake myself awake in my concrete block shoebox of a room and stumble up to the Dhamma Hall, or meditation room. Each meditator gets a firm, square cushion and we all sit facing the “teacher,” a small Indian man dressed in white. I close my eyes, and I’m in a dog kennel.,The 40 men around me are sniffling and snorting, belching and coughing. This disconcerting symphony dwindles as a stereo system booms a voice chanting Sanskrit.,This is the voice of S.N. Goenka, a Burmese leader of the rebirth of Buddha’s original path to enlightenment: Vipassana Meditation. For the rest of the day, we practice focusing all our attention on the sensation of our breath moving in and out of our nostrils.,Day 2: I wake before the gong with hunger’s claws in my guts. I meditate in my cell until 5 a.m., practicing the teaching of “anicha” or impermanence, realizing that the sensation of starvation will pass away as naturally as it arises. My body is a bundle of aches as I meditate through the day, envious of the gangs of mischievous monkeys splashing in the muddy, red courtyard.,Day 3: By two in the morning I’m thrashing around in my bed like a shark in a sea of fire. I’ve got the worst fever of my life, and I don’t want to die. To distract my mind from the pain, I focus on the face of a beautiful girl I left behind in America. At four I break the silence and whisper to a facilitator that I need help. He tells me to practice “Hana Pana” or breathing with a focus on the sensations inside the nose.,I’ll be back,” he says.,A few sweat-soaked hours later, he beckons me to the teacher’s quarters, but I’m so weak that I hobble along like Pinocchio.,“I need help,” I say to the teacher. “It might be malaria.”,Oh, this fever is very good, dear boy,” he says. “You are making great progress. Fever is only your negative karma rising to the surface. Be strong. Keep meditating.”,“I think I should take some medicine, too.”,“Yes, yes, yes! Medicine and meditation!”,The facilitator walks me to the check-in room, pries open a steel chest, hands me some Combiflam, and I’m knocked out in my cell for the rest of the day. When I wake, I meditate.,Day 4: After lunch, during a time for meditation in our cells, I hear a chainsaw in the room across my hall. It’s a big Indian guy. His snoring draws the facilitators to his door instantly.,“Let me sleep!” He shouts.,“You must meditate,” they whisper.,He slams his door in their faces. An hour later, he’s storming across the courtyard, a blue suitcase in each hand.,They’re leaving in droves now. First, one of the red-headed brothers from New Zealand. Then one of the Israelis. They’re gone before receiving the real Vipassana teaching. Tonight, we get it, at our video Dhamma Talk, a recording of Goenka on a television: Vipassana technique is a body scan of sensations from the top of the head to the toes and back.,Day 5: It feels like I’ve been here 50 years. I meditate “diligently and persistently,” as Goenka advises. For the first time, the restless, run-for-your-life feeling subsides and I think I might make it. The meditators around me look stricken, sick, depressed beyond belief. No one is smiling, so I do. I smile at the trees. At the pack of wild dogs that shows up in camp and wages war with the troops of monkeys. And I discover something: when you smile, your nostrils open wide and it’s easier to breathe.,Day 6: Everyone is sick. We’ve pushed our bodies too far. The Dhamma hall is a festival of hacking. It has rained every day and the nights have grown steadily more Himalayan. Half of the men walk around wrapped in colorful, Tibetan wool shawls. Mine is red.,Day 7: My meditations have begun to burn with an electric calm. I can now descend for an hour, barely noticing the flight of time. A new feeling of bliss descends, in spite of the ragged cough in my lungs, my yearning for a hot shower in a warm room down the mountain. I begin to fall in love with the nothing, the emptiness at the center of myself, at the center of the universe, at the center of every bit of matter in existence.,Day 8: So much meditation!,Day 9: Freedom is so close I can smell it. The meditation has deepened my peace; I find it hard to be upset about anything. A mosquito lands on my foot and I kill it, breaking one of the commandments of the camp: do not kill. Then I realize that all of us are killing plaque each time we brush our teeth.,Day 10: Our vow of silence is lifted after lunch, because we’re leaving for the world tomorrow. I meet the other men for the first time. We laugh about the madness of the camp, cursing and loving it. There’s one other American, from New Jersey. I think, of all the men, we Americans have come the greatest distance. From a society that revolves around the possession of things, we’ve wandered up the mountains to shed everything.,Day 11: Once we find the light within, we spread it. We drop rupees in the donation box so others can meditate as we have. We fire up our iPods and dance down the mountain, spreading out into hotels with steaming showers, sleeping for 12 hours, waking up in the world again, ready to spread our calm through the churning Indian streets. Even tomorrow, when a motorcycle crashes into me, ripping skin from my calf, I will not lash out at the driver. I will ask him, face to face, calmly, to drive more carefully. And I’d bet you a month on the mountain that he will.,If You Go,Vipassana Meditation Courses,www.Dhamma.org, ,Ever thought about moving abroad from the United States? Here are the top countries for US expats.,‍Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Expatriation is the process of moving your primary residence to another country. Given how much our lives revolve around work, school, and friends, this can be a challenging transition.,While it’s not for everyone, many people choose to move abroad as they see it as an opportunity to grow personally and professionally while exploring the world.,If you’re considering expatriation, you probably have several questions about what that means and where you should go if you want to make the most of this opportunity.,There are many considerations, but here are the top countries for expats from the United States.,When choosing the best countries for expats, you need to think about several things. You want to choose a place that’s safe, offers good career opportunities, and has an affordable cost of living. You also want to consider if there are any special advantages and disadvantages of investing in real estate abroad.,When ranking the best countries for US expats, we focused on overall quality of life, ease of integration, and financial considerations.,We also considered each country’s proximity to the United States. With that in mind, here are the top 6 countries for expats from the United States.,If you want to increase your overall quality of life, consider expatriating to Switzerland. This European country is one of the most livable places on Earth. It has an excellent quality of life, low crime rates, and high-quality healthcare.,It also has one of the most stable economies in the world and is home to several global companies. An expat in Switzerland can expect to earn a high salary and enjoy some of the world’s highest living standards.,Switzerland is one of the most expensive countries in the world, but expat salaries are high enough to cover the cost of living.,If you want to keep your career but feel drawn to try something new, a great option is to become an expat in Singapore. This East Asian country has a strong economy, a modern and efficient government, and a diverse population of expats from all over the world.,If you’re a tech worker, engineer, or scientist, Singapore’s economic growth, high standard of living, and lower tax rates make it a very attractive option.,The cost of living in Singapore is high, but it is still within the range of what you might expect to pay in the U.S. This makes it a good option if you want to maintain a similar lifestyle while earning more.,For those who want to work in the manufacturing or engineering industries, Germany is a top expat destination.,The country’s economy is robust, and many industries are in need of skilled workers. Many expats who relocate to Germany find employment in the engineering and manufacturing sectors.,The cost of living in Germany is high, but expats have access to strong government benefits. This means you can live comfortably despite having to pay higher costs. Germany is also one of the most welcoming countries for expats.,It has a well-developed infrastructure for immigration and integration. If you are looking to expatriate to Germany, make sure you know the steps you need to take in order to get the proper Visa.,If you’re interested in the arts or entrepreneurship, you may find that living in the Netherlands is a great fit. The Dutch culture is focused on creativity in many different fields, and expats can take advantage of this. You can also take advantage of the strong economy and high quality of life in the Netherlands.,The cost of living in the Netherlands is high, but expats enjoy high salaries and access to good public benefits.,The Netherlands has a highly developed economy and is a leader in many industries. Expats can find jobs in engineering, technology, healthcare, and other fields.,If you have a strong interest in Asian culture and history, a career in Japan offers a unique way to explore and grow.,If you want to live and work in Japan, you need to find a job opportunity that is open to foreign workers. It’s important to do your research before you apply for jobs and decide which industries are most appealing.,If you are fluent in Spanish and want to live and work in a Spanish-speaking country, you have many options. Mexico is a popular expat destination that is close to the U.S. and offers a unique cultural experience.,Mexico has a vibrant economy and growing middle class, which means there are plenty of job opportunities for expats. You can enjoy a high standard of living and good access to healthcare. Expats can also apply for a special retirement visa that will allow them to stay in Mexico past the retirement age.,When choosing which country is best for you, you should consider all of your options. There are many factors that go into a good expat experience, and there are many great options for those who want to become expats.,Inspire your next adventure with our articles below:,Author Bio: Sandy Page is a life-long adventurer. In her free time, she reads and consumes copious amounts of hot beverages.,Awesome I enjoyed reading your blog post. The places listed here on this blog are too good. Good job,,Discover the natural beauty, sustainable lifestyles and local flavors of Norway when you travel to these under-the-radar UNESCO World Heritage Sites.,Looking for a destination where you can maintain your social distance and enjoy meaningful travel away from the throngs heading back to Paris, Rome and Barcelona? Consider this: UNESCO recently announced its 2021 list of World Heritage sites and these under-the-radar spots in Norway made the grade. ,Even before the pandemic, Norway’s natural beauty and less-trafficked landmarks held promise for many travelers. But maybe more so now. ,Travel specialist Up Norway suggests you should check out these five Norwegian sights, considered by UNESCO to have “outstanding value to humanity,” that are still able to be enjoyed at a safe distance from others. ,This town in southern central Norway, named for the area’s incredible waterfalls, is a must-see for travelers interested in the history of sustainability. ,Rjukan played a critical role in transitioning northern Europe from coal to hydroelectric power, and a new museum about the town’s role in World War II is opening in 2022, highlighting how the town’s inhabitants prevented the Germans from developing nuclear weapons at the Vemork power plant.,More things to do: Ice climb the Rjukan falls, ascend a Cold War funicular built by NATO, travel along the Saboteur’s trail, and hike to the top of Norway’s most beautiful mountain — Gaustatoppen.,Where to stay: A historical hotel founded in 1908 by Sam Eyde, opt for Rjukan Admini. Eyde also founded the Norsk Hydro Power Plants. ,When visiting Norway, a trip to the Norwegian fjords is a given. Geirangerfjord and Nærøyfjord, but Tafjord is a lesser-known spot for a secluded visit to commune with these majestic landmasses.,The site of a devastating tsunami in 1934, several of the villages survived the historic natural disaster and some of the still-standing homes are available for overnight visitors. ,More things to do: Kayak through the turquoise waters, head out on a dolphin-spotting expedition, rappel 315 feet down the Zakarias dam, and hike with a nature guide across the mountain between the Herdalen valley and Tafjord.,Where to stay: An architectural marvel, the Juvet Landscape Hotel in the village of Valdal offers guests an inspiring, sleek, ultra-modern experience while immersing guests in the beautiful natural landscape.,The colorful and characteristic wooden houses in the old wharf of Bergen are unmistakable, and an ideal spot for photographers to get out their gear and snap some incredible shots.,At sunrise, take a jogging tour with a local guide, and then dive into the ocean before seeing the city sites like the Edvard Grieg museum dedicated to the Norwegian composer, riding the funicular to Mount Floyen, and the wharf itself, where fishing vessels come and go bringing in the freshest catch. ,More things to do: Up Norway’s Autumn Flavours of Scandinavia journey features the cider route in Hardanger, a king crab safari in Kirkenes and meals that highlight the best of Norway’s gastronomic landscape. ,Where to stay: Part 65-room luxury hotel, part restaurant and part cultural venue, Opus XVI is owned by relatives of the famous composer, Edvard Greig, and offers guests a taste of his remarkable life overlooking Mount Floyen or the quiet plaza of Vågsallmenningen.  ,While the fall colors are spectacular in this part of northern Norway where thousands of prehistoric rock carvings are preserved at nearby Hjemmeluft Bay. Visit the World Heritage Rock Art Centre to get the full scoop about the carvings and who might have made them.,Alta is also famous for its views of the Northern Lights, which inspired the architecture of the Northern Lights Cathedral, built in 2013, partially constructed from titanium sheets that reflect prismatic colors.,More things to do: Don’t miss the Alta Museum for more about the rock carvings and the science behind the Northern Lights, the Alta River is one of the best salmon rivers in Norway, and experience true Sami indigenous heritage.,Where to stay: Hole up in a cozy hideaway above a fairytale valley at Bjornfjell Mountain Lodge, which features a restaurant, bar, lounge, garden and ski-to-door access.,When copper was discovered in 1644, life in this central Norwegian town changed forever. Relics of the area’s mining history can still be found here, but the real draw is the culinary heritage, as Røros is known as the local food capital of the country.,A local guide takes hungry visitors on a trip through local food history. Sample cheeses, meats, fish and preserved foods that have sustained the people of this area for generations. ,More things to do: Visit Olav’s mine and the Røros church, hike Femundsmarka National Park, and the old copper smeltery. Climb to the top of Slegghaugan for a panoramic view of the town.,Where to stay: For an authentic taste of Røros, stay in a historic timber log guest house and enjoy a private guided tour of the mines. ,To visit these UNESCO World Heritage Sites and more, consider an Up Norway (https://upnorway.com/) itinerary, which gives guests access to sites and stories off the beaten path.,Their curated journeys expose travelers to Norway’s stunning nature, countrymen and indigenous tribes, local cuisine, and vibrant culture.,Even better, Norway hopes to reopen borders to US residents sometime this fall so they are currently offering “Welcome Back” savings of 10% and flexible provisional terms on new bookings through 2022.,The Basque tradition Testing of the Oxen is not as famous as the Running With the Bulls which makes it a more authentic experience in Spain.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,When Ernest Hemingway wrote “The Sun Also Rises” in 1926, he revealed a vibrant cultural spectacle to the world. Pamplona was never the same. ,Propelled in part by the novel, the annual running of the bulls has become a global media spectacle. ,Young men – and a few others – face death by running 903 yards (826 meters) through the cobblestone streets of Pamplona, Spain, chased by six bulls and nine steers and oxen. ,The most well-known Running of the Bulls is part of the Festival de San Fermin. It’s a thrilling event, with local rivalries, blessings by priests, fireworks, and traditional folk clothing. Smaller “running of the bulls” events are held in other towns and countries. There is even a “running of the sheep” event held in New Zealand. ,Unfortunately, the running of the bulls has become a victim of its popularity. The flavor of the event has changed. Now it is less of a cultural tradition and more of a global media spectacle. More than half of the 20,000 runners in 2014 weren’t Spanish. Furthermore, a visitor may have trouble seeing the event through a forest of television cameras. ,Less well-known is another Basque tradition called “la prueba de bueyes”, or the testing of the oxen. While some believe that the roots of the competitions are in rock quarries, most believe that they lie in rural farming.,Imagine a time, a thousand years ago, in the Basque Country of Northern Spain or Southern France. Two farmers glance at one-another over a stone fence as each uses a pair of oxen to clear a field of boulders. ,“My oxen are stronger than your oxen,” one farmer calls over the fence. ,“Not so”, responds the other. “Anyone can see that my oxen are stronger than yours. Where did you find those little babies? Are you sure that they are old enough to leave their mother? “  ,In short order, a competition would develop. The oxen that could more quickly move a rock a known distance was the winner. In time, these competitions became community events that are held during local festivals throughout the Basque Country of Spain and Southern France. ,Unlike the running of the bulls, these events still retain their cultural flavor. Television cameras are noteworthy by their absence. ,In the testing of the oxen, called “idi probak” in Basque, boulders or concrete blocks are hauled back and forth along cobblestone courses 22 to 28 meters (75 to 90 feet) long. Usually, a pair of gaily decorated oxen are used. The challenge is to pull the leading edge of the concrete block across a white line painted at one end of the course. ,After twenty or thirty seconds rest, goaders, called “akuilutzaileak”, and one ox herder, called “itzaina”, push, pull, coax, and prod the oxen to turn around and haul the block back down the course to cross the white line at the other end. ,Professional bookmakers take wagers on how many trips the oxen can make in a given period of time. This is usually half an hour. Side bets between friends are shouted across the arena. The Basque people love gambling, so large bets are common. The strongest oxen win prizes and a portion of admission ticket sales goes to local schools. ,The oxen usually weigh 500 to 650 kilograms (1,100 to 1,400 pounds). Although oxen as large as 1,450 kg (3,200 pounds) have competed. Larger oxen are handicapped by bags of sand placed on top of the stones. For each kilo that an ox weighs over the limit, a penalty weight of 1.5 kg (2.2 pounds) is added to the stone. ,Although they vary from town-to-town, stone weights are usually around 1,100 kg (2,200 pounds). In the past, weights as great as 4,500 kg (9,000 pounds) were seen. Since oxen have disappeared from most farms, many of the animals are owned by companies that travel from town to town and are only used to compete. As many as 35 pairs of oxen may compete in larger towns.  ,Competitions take place in public arenas, courts and plazas, often covered by large tents in the winter. The oxen struggle for footholds, as the stones are often pulled across floors of rounded river rock or cobblestones.,The “goaders” work to keep the stone moving. If it stops, the oxen must work hard to restart it. Care must be taken to keep the stone within the white lines that mark each side of the course. If the stone goes over the line, it must be returned to where the fault took place. ,Although the testing of the oxen lacks the blood and trauma of the running of the bulls (no one is injured), each competition provides a fascinating insight into the Basque tradition and culture. Most spectators are men, but women, children and babies are present. The crowd may range from a few dozen to hundreds.,The smell of sweating oxen fills the tents, even reaching the back rows of spectators who may stand on top of concrete risers to see better. Sweat runs off the oxen, which snort clouds of water vapor in the air. ,Shouts in Basque (and less commonly in Spanish) and clouds of cigarette smoke fill the air. Refreshments are for sale, but beverages can also be brought in from nearby bars and restaurants.,The testing of the oxen is seldom seen in large towns and finding such an event will take planning – or good luck. Most competitions are held off the beaten path, and foreigners are infrequent visitors. However, “la prueba de los bueyes” is falling in popularity and fewer events take place.,It is a victim of several factors. It is viewed as animal cruelty and fewer young people have become fans. Recently, animal doping has been in the news, and several oxen have died in the competitions. ,Idi Probak usually takes place in the first few weeks of January, as part of the Three Kings holiday celebration. Because these are strictly local events, it may take some effort to find the schedules. But it’s worth it.,If you have the chance to see the testing of the bulls, you are fortunate, for you will have seen a part of the Basque tradition and culture seldom seen by foreigners. You won’t soon forget the almost overwhelming impact on your senses – sights, smells and the taste of local brews. ,Count yourself lucky and congratulations for getting off the beaten path.,Author Bio: Bill Leslie is a freelance writer and forensic accountant. He writes about such diverse topics as WWII history, genealogy, business management, accounting, travel, and law. He lives in Sandy, Oregon.,Learn about the people and sights of Myanmar behind today’s headlines about its repressive military regime.,Myanmar (formerly Burma), wedged between China, India, Laos, Thailand and Bangladesh, feels like a land lost in time. It is a medieval country of golden towers and ancient stone temples on hilltops.,The expansive plains of Bagan, in the country’s dry center, were once studded with more than 6,000 of them in an area of only about 15 square miles (40 km²). About 2,000 pagodas still exist today — some meticulously maintained, many crumbling back into the earth. This hazy savannah of closely packed pagodas stretches to the horizon, and feels like a scene from a movie epic. Many, originally built to house nat, orspirit deities, are more than one millennia old.,From Bagan it’s a 10-hour journey into the mountainous Shan Plateau in the Shan State of eastern Myanmar. Road travel is slow around Myanmar, and some major routes are often closed to foreigners by the ruling military junta.,Along with my fellow band of travelers, I chugged along in an archaic bus past horse-drawn carts, trails of orange-robed monks, and town people whose faces were smeared with beige paste, their lips blood-red from chewing betel nut. Out in the wilderness, a gang of “involuntary” laborers stopped digging just to wave at us enthusiastically — a typical response of the locals, who seem bewildered by foreigners, almost in awe of us, and often delighted to be in our company.,They are, however, forbidden from discussing politics with tourists. Their concerns about undercover police overhearing ensures that they obey. The locals were reluctant to talk with us about their country’s policies, and anxiously glanced around as they spoke to us.,In 1962, and again in 1988, a socialist military junta forced its way into power and has held the country in an iron grip, pillaging natural resources, crippling the economy and oppressing its people through human-rights abuses. Any citizen overheard talking state affairs with an outsider will find himself in a labor camp. As a foreigner, our only contact with any tourist-friendly authorities was an occasional road block or the requisite payment of a small government fee at some locales.,More than 35 years of suppression has attracted little attention from the United Nations, so human-rights groups and Aung San Suu Kyi, leader of Myanmar’s democratic movement and Nobel Prize–winning peace activist who is being detained by the dictatorship (on and off since 1989) urge people not to line the junta’s coffers through tourism. However, there’s a flip side. When I was planning my trip, I considered that the Burmese people needed a chance to eke out a living through tourism, one of the few industries to which locals had access — and most of them desperately wanted to open the eyes of the world to their situation.,Myanmar is a land of great beauty and intrigue, and its people are modest and respectful. On my trip in April 2006, there were relatively few tourists compared with the rest of Asia, and this lent itself to genuinely warm hospitality, adding further to its charm.,We eventually made it to Kalaw, a Burmese market town in the Shan Highlands that is popular with trekkers.,On the weekend, old wrinkled tribal women descended from the countryside to sell their produce, now that opium is no longer grown in the area. Dressed in colorful longi (traditional wraparound skirts) and headdresses, they sat cross-legged among their wares, smoking large, cigarlike cheroots. Hypnotic prayer was chanted over a loud speaker from the main temple day and night, punctuated by the occasional well-broadcast cough and splutter from the chanting elder, who probably smokes too much.,From our base at Kalaw we took a three-day hike to Inle Lake, the second-largest lake in Myanmar — 14 miles long by 7 miles wide (23 km by 11 km) — and one of the highest, at an altitude of 2,900 feet (884 m). Enormous water buffalo pulling wooden carts along dirt tracks occasionally passed us, with small naked children riding them bare-back. Workers cultivated fields, steering rustic wooden ploughs pulled by buffalo in the dry heat, and they all stopped and waved to us from a distance.,The scenery changed from rolling countryside to a surreal rust-red landscape of hills and canyons. Finally we came to a beautiful teak monastery in a forest where we stayed the night, awash with young novice monks timidly peering down at us from darkened windows. As part of Theravada — the oldest surviving school of Buddhism and the predominant religion in Myanmar — young men will typically take up the monastic robe and bowl at some point in their lives.,The people of Inle Lake (about 70,000) live in four cities bordering the enormous lake, surrounded by mountains. Stilted bamboo houses and shops perched above overgrown marshland and waterways. Women washed from jetties at the sides of their houses, while adorably happy children splashed alongside water buffalo, submerged but for their huge heads. In the distance, fishermen stood tall at the backs of their tiny fishing boats, while other boatsmen tended rows of floating crops. Flower gardens and rice paddies were also filled with workers. Golden towers and stone pagodas nestled in the surrounding hills, many lying in ruin and engulfed by trees.,After our stay at the lake, we traveled to Yangon — renamed from Rangoon in an attempt by the junta to distance itself from a colonial past — where the contrast was dizzying. Yellow colonial buildings lay dilapidated along tree-lined avenues that buzzed with rickshaws and comical pre-war vehicles that have been running since the British Empire left in 1948. Before Naypyidaw became the new capital in 2005, Yangon was the country’s principal city. It is still the largest metropolitan area today, with nearly 5 million inhabitants.,We were feeling a little templed-out, but Yangon’s mezmerising 322-foot-tall (98 m) gilded Shwedagon Pagoda (a religious monument) was a highlight; this enormous shimmering pagoda houses eight sacred hairs of Siddharta Gautama, the founder of Buddhism. Pilgrims teemed among the surrounding marble courtyards filled with lavish gold pavilions and shrines. The setting was incredibly serene, especially at dusk.,Dusk is when most of the city’s residents assemble on the streets for recreation: Groups of women stood around talking, while circles of men played footbag with a small bamboo football. Amid the vibrancy of people and traffic, street vendors were cooking piles of chapattis to mop up delicious lamb curries and bean soups, all adding to the unique flavor of this captivating country.,To Learn More:,CIA Factbook: Myanmar,https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/bm.html, , ,When shopping for jewels in Cambodia, here’s how you can outfox the gem scammers.,The kick off point for most international visitors to Cambodia is the neighboring country of Thailand. Here in the capital of Bangkok, tourists make the most of the discounted travel gear, clothing and variety of tour providers to organize their adventure into this ancient and fascinating land.,While it’s possible to find good deals, one can’t help but notice the warnings posted in guidebooks and brochures, advising them to be weary of the “gemstone scam.”,Unsuspecting tourists who are herded into jewelry stores by pushy tuk tuk taxi drivers are sold so-called bargain stones. They are then persuaded to avoid the “import duties” by having them conveniently mailed to their home countries. If they turn up at all, the stones usually turn out to be well short of the value quoted.,No one likes to be taken for a sucker, but there is a way to avoid these unscrupulous middlemen by going directly to the source.,In the red, dust-coated province of Ratanakiri, in the northeast of Cambodia, the locals are hard at work cultivating a range of produce, from cashews to bananas, sugar cane to glorious blue onyx gemstones. From the main township of Ratanakiri, it’s a short 18 mile (30 km) two-hour drive over roads so rough they are nicknamed “dancing roads” to the mining town of Chum Rom Bei Srak.,Here, we found sorters busy at work shifting through freshly-mined stones.,As they expertly work their way through the pile, stopping occasionally to trim the stones with wire cutters, they check for cracks and flows that will determine whether the stone ends up a precious five carat jewel or less expensive one to two carat stones.,This town with its modest, wood slab stores and stilt homes is no more than a cluster of buildings along the main road at the entrance to the mine. In contrast to the rest of Cambodia, it has a barely lived in feel, which is hardly surprising, as the mine was only discovered four years earlier.,No fancy equipment or structures are in sight, just a rough field of simple, square holes with foot holds cut into the inside of the mine. Some are more elaborate, connected by shafts, but most look no more sophisticated than an oversized rabbit hole.,The miners work in teams of close friends and immediate family. Implicit trust and honesty are required to work the mines successfully, as a good stone could be the equivalent of a month’s salary in this heavily impoverished country.,The work is hard, with only simple tools at hand, a bucket and a hand turned wrench to dig out the minimum eight feet (2.4 m) deep mines. The stones don’t show themselves until at least this depth below the surface.,The day we visited, Chinese New Year celebrations saw most of the miners enjoying rice wine parties rather than working their mines. However, Mr. Yuen, a 24-year-old, four-year veteran of gemstone mining, was hard at work with his cane-woven sieve in a water-filled slush pit. He paused long enough to show us some of his earlier finds. In our hands, they were rather uninteresting looking cola-colored pebbles.,While we took in the hard labor and patience it took to extract these stones, our ex-commodities trader tour guide could not help himself, and out of old habits, he started negotiating a price. When we realized that in town we could have these expertly cut to reveal the blue jewels, the US$5 price tag for three stones was a worthwhile investment to see the end result.,Upon our return to the township of Ratanakiri, we dropped by one of the three gemstone stores. These simple, tiny rooms open directly onto the street without even a wall, door or window: Tiffany’s they are not!,Instead, just a glass-cased counter in front displays the cut stones with a workbench behind. The lack of furnishings allowed us to view the skilled cutter at his craft, working the rotating wheel in the style of a potter’s wheel to turn the brown stones to blue gems.,Our chosen cutter took some convincing to take on our three-stone commission. Normally dealing in lots of 50-100 stones at a time, he couldn’t work out why we crazy tourists would pay more to have our stones cut than what we would spend to get ones already processed.,But with some fast-talking by our local guide named “Lucky,” our request was met, with a deal struck at a US$ 1 a carat.,Because the heating and cutting process takes two hours and it was near day’s end, we were going to have to wait until the next day to see the finished product.,But the following day, our freshly cut, freshly polished “babies” arrived. Like any new parents, we fussed over and photographed our new arrivals at every angle. Our “eldest,” biggest stone came in at a whopping four-carat, our middle two-carat, and the runt of the litter, the one we were told would turn to dust under the cutters tools, a respectable one-carat. Total investment, including cutting — US$ 12!,Had we beat the scammers and made a good investment? Who cared?  For 12 bucks we got to take the journey from mine, to gem cutter, to finished stone. It was an added bonus when a visiting geologist, on the hunt for Asian Rubies and Sapphires, declared our modest investment for our three blue Ratanakiri Onyxes gemstones a savvy buy, worth at least US$ 100! Definitely the most satisfying jewelry shopping I’ve ever done!!,IF YOU GO,Should your visit to Cambodia not provide you with the time or opportunity to buy your blue Onyxes gemstones direct from the mines, no need to panic. These can be readily bought either loose or set in jewelry for between US$ 20-50, depending upon the carat and quality.,While you won’t find rubies, diamonds or sapphires on offer, I wouldn’t trade my gemstones from the Chum Rom Bei Srak mine for all the Tiffany filled display cases!,GETTING THERE,The township of Ratanakiri is a one-hour flight from the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh. Accommodation at the Yaklom Hill Lodge (15 minutes by car from town) ranges from US$ 8 for singles to US$ 18 for a family cottage. Email: yaklom@camiatel.com website: www.yaklom.com.,From the Lodge, visitors can conveniently arrange 4WD hire with driver for US$ 35-40 per day, and an English-speaking tour guide for US$ 15 a day to visit the Chum Rom Bei Srak town and mine., ,Your greatest risk in shopping for diamond jewelry in Cambodia is buying fake gemstones. One tip: Closely examine the jewelry setting — it is highly unlikely that a real diamond would be set into a high-quality gold ring, for example.,Each year, faith lures five million pilgrims to this religious city in France. I was one of them.,“Lourdes? But it’s for religious fanatics! They’ve got the tackiest stuff there. I’ve heard of the holy-water bottles shaped like the Virgin Mary and hologram postcards and … ”,Lourdes, a town in southwestern France at the foot of the Pyrenees, is noted for its Roman Catholic shrine marking the site where the Virgin Mary is said to have appeared repeatedly to Saint Bernadette in 1858. For my upcoming trip, I was sent off with snickers and sarcasm.,Few places arouse as much reaction (and derision) as Lourdes does. Many of these reports revolve around the endless souvenir kitsch, the fervent religious devotion and dubious claims of miracle cures. I couldn’t wait to see the spectacle for myself.,With a population of about 17,000, this small town receives 5 million pilgrims per year drawn by their faith in the healing powers attributed to the waters of the shrine. More than half of the visitors are made up of the sick and elderly.,The American Heritage Dictionary defines pilgrimage as “a journey to a sacred place or shrine,” with a pilgrim as “one who embarks on a quest for something conceived of as sacred.” The abstract definitions meant little to me. But perhaps even jaded travelers could uncover inspiration in Lourdes, the most beaten of paths.,Along Boulevard de la Grotte, one of the main streets in Lourdes, endless paraphernalia seduced from wall-to-wall souvenir shops. I came across a black-and-white photo of 14-year-old Bernadette Soubirous, whose visions brought the city its recognition.,Though a round-faced brunette with thick eyebrows in life, she was widely depicted as a fair-haired child with a lamb. A marketing department somewhere had turned her into a poster pinup for God.,Even though I had been warned that it was “just a dent in the hills,” the Grotto of Massabielle, where the Virgin is said to have appeared, was anticlimactic. From behind the sea of people, I caught a glimpse of the Virgin Mary statue and objects hanging from the ceiling and walls of the grotto.,On the other hand, the nearby spring known for miracle-cure capabilities was an impressive gusher. A very efficient system of faucets sprouted from a curved metal railing on the side of a hill. When pushed, the timed taps released energetic streams of water. It all seemed much more suited to a campsite or a sports stadium than as the source of a holy spring.,Families lined up at the taps with 5-gallon (19 liter) jugs. A woman rubbed her feet with determination under an endless stream of holy water, and young people refilled their Evian water bottles. Everyone had a different method of stocking up on holiness.,The visual centerpiece of the sanctuaries was the Basilica of the Rosary, built 13 years after the apparitions. The breathtaking affair of spires and towers with gold detailing gave the place a surreal, fairy-tale air.,“What? Is this Disneyland?” was Benoit Porte’s reaction during his first visit. Benoit was an old college friend (we were both exchange students in England) who I remembered as having a perpetual grin on his face and a pint of beer in his hand.,He was also the only person I knew who devoted two weeks every summer to a religious organization, l’Hospitalité Saint Roch, which attends to the old and sick on their Lourdes pilgrimage.,Only in his 20s, Benoit was one of the younger volunteers. His initial judgment of Lourdes had faded as he took on his duties: changing beds, washing sheets and cleansing pilgrims too weak to do the job themselves.,Having taken part in his share of processions, prayers and masses, Benoit has come to see all of these activities as different forms of meditation. “Each person has his own way of reaffirming his faith,” he explained.,I couldn’t understand why the devoted who were ill would make a risky trip when the chance of a miracle cure was reputed to be nonexistent. I pounced on Benoit. “Don’t they get disappointed? Aren’t their expectations crushed?”,What was nonexistent was my concept of faith, so he tried to not lay too much religion on me. “They don’t come expecting miracles. Some of the bedridden pilgrims don’t see more than a handful of people all year. When they come to Lourdes, they get a rush of compassion and openness. They find themselves surrounded by people who share the same understanding.”,From a mezzanine on the side of the basilica, I paused to watch the pilgrims assembling for mass. The gentle shuffling into place recalled none of the pushing and shoving that characterized the French gatherings I had known.,Wheelchair pilgrims took up the first rows, and stretchers were assembled in front of them. For the first time since my arrival, my sarcasm faltered. “In Lourdes, they find relief in their suffering. And they give relief to others” was how Benoit put it.,Trying to reconcile my conflicting impressions of the town, I brought up the kitsch question. “Aren’t people offended that religion has gotten commercialized? Those souvenirs are so tacky.”,Without denying it, he recounted a story of a town in Argentina. To this day, the townspeople pray to a statue of the Virgin Mary that pilgrims had brought back from Lourdes. This gift was the pilgrims’ way of sharing the experience with those who couldn’t make their own pilgrimage.,One morning, I watched a man with a cane carefully picking over a selection of Saint Bernadette handbags and baseball caps. I wondered Is Lourdes just another city whose existence is centered on a thriving tourist industry? While it embraces all the requisites of such a place, it does so with a twist.,Though Lourdes holds the record for the greatest number of hotels in France outside of Paris, most are of the modest, bare-bones variety. Effort is made to provide handicap facilities, but it’s nothing else to write home about.,Nondescript restaurants offer simple French fare … plus pizza, plus ice cream, with fries on the side. Translations in five languages give their laminated menus an unexpected cosmopolitan touch.,Walking back up Boulevard de la Grotte, I paused before a series of wall hangings with prayers in 12 languages — from Maltese to Croatian to Tamil; pilgrims to this place come from distant places.,Somehow, the concept of “the beaten path” started to lose its previously straightforward connotations. In a world where there are fewer barriers to where we can go and how we can travel, our expectations are as elevated as the possibilities.,The idea of a journey as sacred means the chance to put down the guidebook checklists and skepticism. It means strapping on a little faith. When I asked Benoit why he made the trip to Lourdes year after year, he replied, “de partir ailleurs et revenir différent” — to go away and return a different person. If that is what traveling can be, then it’s a beaten path worth exploring.,If You Go,Lourdes is a 5½-hour trip by train from Paris. There are four return journeys every day.,Notre-Dame de Lourdes Sanctuaries,www.lourdes-france.org,Lourdes Tourist Office,www.lourdes-infotourisme.com,French Tourism Office,www.franceguide.com,French National Railway System,www.sncf.com, ,Neat blog! Is your theme custom made or did
you download it from somewhere? A design like
yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog shine.
Please let me know where you got your theme.
With thanks,I am trying to trace the exactt place where my grandparents stopped on their way to (or from) Lourdes in the early 1900s. I have old photos (dated 1909)taken on the pilgrimage road and would love to be able to pinpoint the place and see other photos taken at that time. Unfortunately,I don’t know how to include a photo here, but in one a sign beside a small building on the road, with many trees behind, says ‘L’eau de la Grotte est conduite a ces robinets aux piscines.’,On the northern coastline of Israel, all are welcome to Akhzivland, the personal fiefdom of Eli Avivi.,It may sound like a remote province of Siberia, or a Central Asian republic. However, this self-declared, independent state lies on the unspoilt, northern coastline of Israel, with the Mediterranean Sea lapping at its shore. Welcome to Akhzivland, the personal fiefdom of Eli Avivi.,Just off the highway, a sign reading “Eli Avivi” points to a pair of blue, iron gates amid a mass of green vegetation. Avivi first set foot here in 1952. “I came to this area to visit my sister, who was living in a village a few miles inland. I walked to the coast and came across this place known as Akhziv. I fell in love with it and decided to make my home here,” Avivi says. “Apart from an old, abandoned Arab house there was nothing else for miles along this coast. It was empty.”,It’s still quiet today and the setting is certainly dramatic. The hills of Lebanon rise to the north, the mountains of the Galilee to the east and, 10 miles (16 km) to the south, the town of Acre, one of the oldest ports in the world. To the west, nothing but the clear, blue Mediterranean.,Regarded by many Israelis as a colorful, rather eccentric character, Avivi nevertheless embodies a non-conformist, free-spirited attitude to life. An attitude increasingly frowned upon in our modern world of rules, regulations and government diktat. But then little about Avivi’s life has been conventional.,Born in Iran in 1930 to Jewish parents, his family moved the following year to Tel Aviv in what was then part of British-ruled Palestine. “I was a bad boy and with some other children I used to try and sabotage the British trains by placing obstacles on the railway line,” he says. This was a time of upheaval in Palestine as various Jewish groups, seeking to establish a Jewish state, tried to force the British to give up their Mandate. “Many times we were caught by the British soldiers and brought before a court,” Avivi continues, “but my father knew the judge and we were only fined.”,In 1946, Avivi joined the “Jewish Underground Navy,” which illegally smuggled Jewish immigrants by sea from Europe to Palestine. When the British left the country in 1947 the resulting war between the Arabs and Jews led to the formation of the State of Israel. But Avivi wasn’t ready to give up the sea life just yet. “After the war I decided to see something more of the world and I worked on fishing boats in the
Mediterranean and then in the North Sea. Later I sailed on bigger ships to Iceland, Greenland and Norway. It was terribly cold up there and the conditions were very hard,” Avivi explains.,Polite, softly spoken and dressed in a flowing, white robe, Avivi’s quiet demeanor is at odds with his notorious, adventurous past. He looks younger than his 74 years and there is little evidence of the rather gruff, hard-edged manner of the stereotypical Israeli. Seated in his shady courtyard with a cooling breeze wafting in off the sea he continues, “On one fishing trip in Northern Europe we were hit by a tremendous storm and our ship was badly damaged. We managed to sail to a repair yard near London, which gave me the chance to spend some time in that great city while the ship was being fixed.”,After further sailing trips to Africa, Avivi returned to Israel, still in his early twenties. Since his first encounter with Akhziv he hasn’t wanted to live anywhere else. He studied the history of the area (habitation goes back, at least, to the Phoenician era, 1,000 years BC) and he began collecting all kinds of interesting artifacts. His huge collection of pottery, stone tablets, weapons and implements are housed in his own museum. Many were found on underwater dives.,Avivi built his own house a stone’s throw from the sea. “I could fish from the window,” he recalls. In the early 1960s he met and married his wife Rina. Although Avivi had lived at Akhziv for 10 years by then, he had no conventional legal claim to the land. He was essentially a squatter. He feels that because of his efforts in creating a museum and a home he had a right to stay. And in this remote, ‘frontier’ part of the country the authorities turned a blind eye.,The situation changed in 1970, though. The government obtained an order against him. “One day the authorities came with two bulldozers and flattened my home,” Avivi explains calmly. But at the time he was so angry he convened a huge press conference to plead his case. He became a media celebrity. “I told anyone who would listen that I had fought for Israel, that I loved Israel but I had no time for the government. I just wanted to be allowed to live in my own place, in my own way.”,So in the same year Avivi declared the creation of the State of Akhzivland with himself as president. “This way I can stay in Israel, but in my own country,” Avivi says. The government wasn’t done with him, though, and he found himself, once again, before a court of law. And as in his childhood days, the judge was lenient. “He threw out the action against me and said there was no case to answer,” Avivi explains. This legal ambiguity over the status of Akhzivland continues to this day.,Back in the 1970s Avivi’s plight seemed to strike a chord with many Israelis who are, by nature, fond of questioning authority while remaining fiercely loyal to their country. People visited Akhzivland to camp or stay in the hostel that Avivi had built. With peace and quiet and a gorgeous beach a two-minute walk away, it became very popular. Israeli rock bands played concerts and young people from abroad would arrive and help around the place in return for their food and lodging. “Many came to stay from England, Germany, all over, maybe 15 or 20 at a time,” Avivi says.,Akhzivland is still very popular with Israelis and as tourism to the country begins to recover, Avivi is hoping for more overseas visitors in the future. His home is also used as a model shoot. Arab couples, dressed in full wedding dress, often have their photos taken against the many romantic backdrops available on the 2.5-acre (10,117 m²) site.,All are welcome to visit Eli Avivi’s kingdom — no visa required.,If You Go,Akhzivland is located on Route 4, 2.5 miles (4 km) north of Nahariya on Israel’s northern coastline. Rooms are available at US$ 34 a night with camping space at US$ 18 a night.,Israel Ministry of Tourism,www.goisrael.com, ,achzivland is much better than what investors plan to build along israels coastline and nature reserves. Don’t be so square…I admire eli avivi for his courage to show individuality and nonconformism! It is one of the most beautiful beaches in israel.,“Avivi first set foot here in 1952….nothing else for miles along this coast” Nahariya was built in 1935, so… at 1952 there was nothing for miles?!
Nahariya’s people fought for this land and people died , Avivi came and decided that this land is his?!….
This is Israel and not “Achzivland”.,From seeing the beautiful Amalfi coast to the ruins of Pompeii to eating delicious food in Pisa, here are the best attractions in Italy.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Welcome to breathtaking Italy! The land of pizza, pasta, and good wine offers you endless opportunities to explore the rich cultural and historical heritage.,There are so many attractions here worth visiting: from the famous Baroque Trevi Fountain and the Pantheon Temple in Rome, through the natural beauties of Lake Como, the Dolomites, and the Alps to the sandy beaches in the south of the country that are lapped by the Mediterranean Sea.,Visit Italy to see ruins from the time of the Roman Empire, as well as churches, museums, and galleries where you can admire breathtaking paintings and sculptures. Here are 15 top-rated tourist attractions in this magnificent country. ,The Vatican, the smallest country in the world located in Rome, has one of the most visited European museums. The Vatican Museum was founded in the 16th century, and today it records about 6 million visitors a year as one of the biggest tourist attractions in Italy. ,A whole complex consists of dozens of galleries also featuring unique Roman sculptures and an extensive collection of ancient Egyptian objects.,The Vatican Museum is best known for its painting galleries where you can see Renaissance and Baroque works by top artists such as Caravaggio, Titian, Raphael, and Leonardo da Vinci. In the Museum of Contemporary Art, you will be delighted by the works of Salvador Dali, Vincent Van Gogh, Picasso, and other famous painters.,A true spectacle is a tour of the Sistine Chapel, with beautiful Michelangelo frescoes and a stunningly painted ceiling that will leave you speechless.,If you have time, in addition to visiting the Vatican Museum, visit the marvelous St. Peter’s Basilica and climb to the top for a breathtaking view of Rome.,Did you know that the Genoa Aquarium is home to more than 500 species of animals? With about a million visitors a year, the Aquarium of Genoa has become one of the most visited Italian tourist attractions. ,It takes you about 3-4 hours to tour the Aquarium. You can see a show with dolphins, various species of penguins in the Ice Kingdom that mimics the conditions in Antarctica and enjoy a 3D movie about sharks.,The glory of Genoa was brought to the world by famous sailors, among whom the most famous is Christopher Columbus. For a complete Genoa experience, visit the Galata Maritime Museum, where you can learn more about sailing, see galleys and a real submarine.,Magical Venice is a pearl of the Mediterranean. Channels, gondoliers, and a romantic atmosphere are trademarks of the city. But in Venice, apart from the gondola ride along the Grand canal, there are also two hotspots that attract many visitors.,Doge’s Palace or Palazzo Ducale is a 14th-century Gothic palace. It was the seat of the leaders of the Venetian republic, and today it has been turned into a museum. ,It is located on St. Mark’s Square (Piazza San Marco), known for its beautiful decorations. You can see numerous sculptures on the facade, as well as works of Titian, Tintoretto, and other notable artists in the interior of the palace.,St. Mark’s basilica is another popular place in Venice. It was built in the 11th century as the chapel of the Doge of Venice. After the Crusades in 1204, relics from Constantinople were brought to it.,In the Museum of St. Mark and the treasury of the basilica, you can see mosaics, Persian carpets, objects made of gold and silver, as well as glass products of Venetian and Byzantine craftsmen.,Book your dates for a tour of the basilica with an expert guide here.,The Colosseum is a symbol of the “eternal city,” one of the seven wonders of the world, best attractions in Italy and a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It was built in the 1st century and represented the largest amphitheater in the world, which attracts close to 7 million visitors every year. Gladiator fights and animal shows have been held there for centuries.,In addition to the standard visit to the stands of the Colosseum, make sure to book an exciting tour of Hypogeum, an underground area. In those underground rooms, gladiators were preparing before taking the wooden elevator to the stage in search of glory in front of 70,000 enthusiastic spectators.,The Roman Forum is positioned near the Colosseum. Palaces, the senate, courts, and markets were located on this former square. There was a business and shopping center in Rome.,Those who would come to Rome for the first time enthusiastically watched the grandiose statues of Roman emperors and imposing marble buildings. Today, the Roman Forum is one of the most important archaeological sites in Italy.,Interestingly, it is followed by another important site that you can visit as part of the same tour next to the Colosseum and the Roman Forum. It is Palatine Hill, one of the seven Roman hills.,Roman emperors built palaces and temples there, so this place is considered the oldest part of Rome. Visit the House of Augustus, the remains of the palace of the first Roman emperor, on the walls of which you can still see painted frescoes.,In the Palatine Museum, you will see numerous objects found during the archaeological excavations of ancient Rome.,A little south of Naples lays the beautiful Sorrento peninsula, with a charming town of the same name. Stroll through the narrow streets of Sorrento, stop by one of the many small workshops, or simply indulge in the view of the imposing cliffs emerging from the turquoise Tyrrhenian Sea.,A day trip to the island of Capri is a great idea! Rent a small boat to sail around this beautiful island. It is also an excellent place for snorkeling, and you can also see amazing sea caves in the vicinity. You will surely remember the visit to the Blue Grotto cave for a long time!,In the many bays on the Sorrento Peninsula, you can also explore lovely small beaches, where you can relax and enjoy without dealing with the big crowds.,Explore Capri and find more fun activities on the Sorrento Peninsula here.,Sardinia is a beautiful Italian island in the Mediterranean. It is an excellent destination for summer vacation, thanks to the clear water and numerous sandy beaches, like those on the Costa Smeralda (Emerald Coast).,The towns of Alghero, Cagliari, and Sassari are lovely and worth a visit. But what makes Sardinia so unique is the incredible La Maddalena archipelago National park, located between Sardinia and Corsica.,La Maddalena, Spargi, Santo Stefano, and 60 other islands make this archipelago look more like the Caribbean than the Mediterranean. Take a custom boat tour and explore the islands you want with local guides. ,Indulge in snorkeling or sunbathing on one of the many fine sand beaches, such as Bassa Trinita beach and Spiaggia Rosa, the pink beach. If you are in good shape after the cruise, you can explore the hiking trails on the island of Caprera.,Start your day in Naples by drinking your morning coffee in one of the many bars in the city. After that, you can go on a day trip to the wondrous Pompeii as part of a guided tour. ,This ancient Roman town was founded in the 8th century BC and was so superior for that time. It had an urban plan, an aqueduct, and the city was a trading center with luxury villas, olive groves, and vineyards. Until October 24, 79 AD.,On that day, the eruption of Mount Vesuvius destroyed the city. In just three days, Pompeii and nearby Herculaneum were covered with as much as 6 meters of volcanic ash. Layers of ashes preserved everything as it was on that fateful day.,Pompeii was of great importance to scientists in gaining new knowledge about how the people lived 20 centuries ago. A visit to Pompeii ruins will definitely leave a strong impression on you. Guides can also take you to the edge of the crater of Mount Vesuvius, from where you can have an incredible view of the entire Bay of Naples. ,End an exciting journey with dinner at one of the Neapolitan pizzerias. Visit the Royal Palace of Naples, the San Carlo Theatre, and the National Archaeological Museum if you have more days available.,After St. Peter’s Basilica in Rome, the Duomo Cathedral is the second-largest Catholic church in Italy. It is located in the city square Piazza del Duomo in Milan, the world capital of fashion.,The construction of Duomo began in the 14th century. It is recognizable by its specific gothic style, numerous towers, and more than 3,000 sculptures. Interestingly, the famous army leader Napoleon Bonaparte was crowned in the Duomo.,If you buy a special ticket, you can go to the terrace on the rooftop of the Duomo cathedral and enjoy a beautiful view, which will surely stay carved in your memory for a long time.,In Milan, you can also visit the impressive “La Scala” opera house, as well as Sforza Castle with several fantastic museums. Milan is a city of fashion and football, so here you can find stores of world-famous fashion brands, or you can visit the fantastic San Siro football stadium.,Did you know that the Leaning Tower of Pisa is almost 900 years old? The construction of the tower began in the 12th century, with the intention of building a high bell tower next to the existing cathedral.,However, due to a poorly done foundation, construction was suspended. The work continued two centuries later.,The Leaning Tower of Pisa has 12 floors and is about 56 meters high. It has been under UNESCO protection for more than 30 years. If you were wondering how crooked the Leaning Tower of Pisa is, the answer is 5.5 percent. Quite enough to be one of the biggest tourist attractions in Italy and one of the most photographed locations in this beautiful country.,Don’t forget to visit the National Museum of Pisa, where you can see sculptures and paintings from the Middle Ages. The Pisa Baptistery of St. John will delight you with its beautiful facade and decorations.,At the end of your visit to Pisa, stop by Gelateria De Coltelli for top-quality ice cream enriched with various flavors.,Did you know that Mt. Etna is the largest and most active volcano in Europe? And best of all, you can climb to the very top at 3,340 meters above sea level and enjoy an amazing experience and a fantastic view!,For your own safety, do not climb alone. Local guides can organize an unforgettable tour for you, by crossing part of the way by cable car and part of the way by jeep. ,When you reach 2,900 meters above sea level, you still have an hour and a half to walk to the very edge of the crater. Wow! How great it is to stand one step away from such a powerful force!,Sicily is a wonderful destination for vacation and exploration. Below Etna is the city of Catania, with beautiful Baroque buildings and a lively Via Etnea street with many cafés and shops. Catania is a university center, and where there are young people, there is also good nightlife. ,If you like history, visit the Palermo Archaeological Museum and The Valley of Temples in Agrigento, where you will see the remains of Greek temples.,Find more historical activities, nature hikes and interesting tours near Mt. Etna here.,Incredible Tuscany. Green hills, endless vineyards, and cities-museums like Siena and San Gimignano. One such of Tuscan beautiful cities and top attractions in Italy is Florence. The old town, which houses museums, is a true heaven for lovers of art and history.,Get to know Florence in Piazza Della Signoria. This square is practically an open-air museum with numerous sculptures. It also houses the famous Uffizi Gallery, with a rich collection of Renaissance art. The works of Michelangelo, Leonardo, Botticelli, and other masters of painting are viewed by more than a million and a half tourists every year.,Walk across the Ponte Vecchio Bridge, which has withstood floods and other adversity for centuries. It was even the only bridge in the city that survived the devastation during World War II.,Near the bridge is the Renaissance Pitti Palace, with a beautiful garden. It used to be the residence of Napoleon and the King of Italy, and today it is an art gallery with several museums.,Enjoy discovering all the best sights and flavors of Tuscany on a top-rated vineyard and more tour here.,The Amalfi Coast is located south of the Gulf of Naples, near the island of Capri. There are 13 small towns and villages along the 50 kilometers of steep coast. Due to its specific architectures and natural beauties, the Amalfi Coast has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site and thus a top attraction in Italy.,Colorful houses arranged one above the other is a detail that is common to all places along the Amalfi Coast. Some places are so close to one another that you can walk between them.,The most visited spot on the Amalfi Coast is Positano. There is also the fishing village of Praiano, then Maiori with a wide beach, and Amalfi, the town after which the entire Riviera got its name.,Make sure to visit Ravello, because this place offers the most beautiful views of the coastline and the Tyrrhenian Sea. Also, there you can see the beautiful gardens of Villa Rufolo and Villa Cimbrone. ,Cinque Terre National Park is located in the northwestern part of Italy, on the shores of the Ligurian Sea.,The first impression is that it looks similar to the Amalfi Coast. You can see steep cliffs rising from the sea and a multitude of colorful houses on them. The Cinque Terre consists of five charming villages: Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso al Mare.,Due to the lack of parking spaces, you can only get to these villages by train from La Spezia. There aren’t any museums, palaces, and churches, which are usually the main attractions in Italian cities. You will admire the ambiance, natural beauty, and fishing lifestyle.,Manarola and Vernazza are traditional fishing villages with a small harbor and a boat dock. Unlike them, Corniglia is not on the sea coast. This village is located on a hill, which can be reached by stairs or minibus. Choose the appropriate way considering your condition.,Monterosso al Mare, as the largest village, has the longest sandy beach. Parallel to the beach is a long promenade, with cafes and restaurants. Riomaggiore is the most populated village, and visitors are most attracted by the street Via Colombo, with its many restaurants and souvenir shops.,Bologna is one of the best attractions a charming city in northern Italy, located between Florence and Venice. The oldest European university with as many as 100,000 students a year makes Bologna an important educational center.,Bologna has an old town, which is under UNESCO protection. The Bologna old town is dominated by Piazza Maggiore, where you can see several Renaissance palaces. There is also a grand Gothic cathedral, the Basilica di San Petronio.,Did you know that the local rich people showed their status by building towers? There used to be about a hundred towers in the city, while about twenty of them survived the ravages of time. The tallest is the Asinelli Tower, as high as 97 meters. The view from the top of the tower is remarkable!,Nearby, in the Quadrilatero medieval area, is the famous Mercato di Mezzo food market, where you can buy local delicacies such as pasta or parmesan. The Bologna Archaeological Museum and the Bologna National Gallery also attract many visitors with their valuable art collections.,Did you know that there is an Arena in Verona, a Roman amphitheater from the 1st century? It is well preserved, so thanks to good acoustics, concerts and music festivals are held there today.,However, the first associations to mention Verona are Romeo and Juliet. The story of Shakespeare’s drama is located in this city, and one building attracts the most visitors. It is Juliet’s House, with her bronze statue in the courtyard. According to the legend, whoever touches the statue will be lucky in love.,A popular place in Verona is the Erbe square, with a medieval fountain, the Lamberti tower 84 meters high, and an impressive palace with beautiful statues.,Don’t forget to visit Castelvecchio Castle. It was built of red brick in the 14th century, in the Gothic style. Today, it houses a museum with significant works of Renaissance painting.,Ready to visit some of the most exciting destinations in Italy? Start planning with hotel or VRBO accommodations, restaurant favorites in each region, tips on how to get around and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity. Then, check out the best flight deals and train tickets through OMIO Travel Partner.,Find expert-led tours, unique regional tours, skip-the-line tickets and more fun in Italy through GetYourGuide. Book your adventures in Italy ahead of time here.,Author Bio: Based in Serbia in Europe, Marija Stojanovic Petkovski worked as a journalist but realized writing about the most beautiful places in the world is something that inspires her. She is sure that a pint of good craft beer perfectly accompanies a tasty home-made lasagne. In her spare time, she enjoys playing with her children and spending time outdoors with her family. ,this is very good article i loved it and its useful for me,Roadside motel, Japanese-style. Set aside coins if you want to watch in-bunk television.,The small woman at the front desk greets me by pointing at my feet and shaking her head in consternation. Right. Shoes. Despite having lived in Japan for more than a year, I still forget. I take off my dusty sneakers and look up at her questioningly. She gestures to the wall of tiny lockers behind me, which I have managed to overlook on my way in. I choose a locker and exchange my shoes for a pair of oversized green indoor slippers that are clearly designed for male feet.,“Irasshaimase,” the woman says when I am done, giving me the formal greeting now that the more trivial matters have been attended to. She then points to the small machine by the front desk. It has a variety of buttons with different prices on it. My night’s stay is 3,000 yen, or a little over US$ 25 — A great bargain for a night’s stay in Tokyo. The machine quickly eats my bills and spits out a receipt.,After I have filled out a registration form, the woman hands me two small keys and begins speaking in a steady stream of Japanese. I understand maybe one word out of every five, but I get the gist of it.,My capsule is on the eighth floor. One key opens a locker where I can put my things, another key opens the door to the capsule room.,There is a small number written on the key that corresponds to the number of my capsule, number 8022. There is a bath on the ninth floor somewhere, although I’m not sure where, exactly. I’ll figure it out.,The inside of the elevator smells like stale cigarette smoke, as do all the floors in the hotel. I step out onto the eighth floor to find more lockers, and a bathroom with the distinct “Men’s” kanji (character) next to the door. That’s funny, I think to myself, I thought this was the women’s floor.,At that moment, a woman emerges from the bathroom. She appears to be in her fifties. I greet her in Japanese, but she does not look at me; instead, she mumbles something and brushes past me to go into her capsule room.,It is strange behavior for Japan. Curious, I peek into the bathroom to see two stalls, with two urinals on the opposite wall. Apparently, this floor only recently became the domain of women, and the bathrooms have not yet been converted.,When I’d told my co-workers I wanted to stay in a capsule hotel, they’d gaped at me. “But you’re a woman,” they told me. “Capsule hotels are for men.”,“Yes, but I heard about one in Tokyo that lets women stay.”,They shook their heads the way they always did when a foreign woman proposed doing something a “normal” Japanese woman would never do. For them, a capsule hotel was the cheapest accommodation to be had, the equivalent of a roadside motel in the States.,They didn’t understand that, to me, it was a uniquely Japanese experience. The fact that it was an experience that could usually only be enjoyed by men only made more appealing.,I walk to the door of the capsule room, and see a large sign posted above the door handle. It reads:,Women Only Capsule (Keep Out, Man!),This makes me chuckle, but I fall silent as I open the door and enter the hushed atmosphere of the capsule room. All along either side of the central space are the square apertures of blue plastic capsules. Over each entrance is a brown screen that can be pulled down for privacy. There are only two rows of capsules along either wall, like bunk beds enclosed in plastic. My capsule is on the bottom, and I quickly toss in my backpack and crawl inside.,It’s spacious. I can sit up without any trouble, and at the foot of the bed is a tiny TV with a coin slot. A sign on the wall indicates it is a hundred yen for one hour of TV, and 500 for six hours. Near the head of the bed is a small control panel with an alarm clock and several dials whose function are a mystery. I decide I will play with them later, after having a bath.,Inside the locker in the outside hallway, I discover a small disposable toothbrush and lime-green hotel pajamas reminiscent of hospital scrubs. There is also a small washcloth for use in the bath. I take it and head up to the ninth floor.,The ninth floor doesn’t have any capsules. It has a small balcony looking over the Sumida River, and a table where people can sit and smoke. It’s empty. To the right, I see the familiar “yu” sign, indicating a bath. I stride past the curtain only to stop in my tracks.,A very large, very hairy leg is stretched out over the edge of the bath. For a brief moment I actually consider that it might be a woman’s leg, if she isn’t the kind of woman too concerned with personal grooming. I run for the exit. Luckily, the man doesn’t see me. On the other side of the room I discover a small corridor leading to the women’s bath.,As with many baths in Japanese hotels, it is public. It is a small affair with a row of squat showers and a tile-covered tub filled with steaming hot water. A young girl of about my age is showering, with her back to me, in one of the stalls.,She sees me, and bows politely. I quickly deposit my clothes in a small cupboard and enter the room. After showering, I get into the steaming hot tub. The girl sits next to me, but does not speak. People rarely speak in Japanese baths, for obvious reasons.,The window over the bath is open; I see bright lights and skyscrapers, and below, the red and white reflection of electric light on the river. The hot water is soothing to my muscles, which are fatigued from more than 10 hours of sightseeing on foot in Tokyo. Soon my skin is bright pink and it is time to go. The girl and I dress silently together, then wish each other goodnight before returning to our respective capsules.,That night, there are few women on the women’s floor. I get the feeling that capsules for women have not quite caught on in mainstream Japan. Of the four women who stay there that night, two are foreigners, and one is a strange Japanese lady who spends most of her time wandering about talking to herself unintelligibly.,The lack of inhabitants also makes the floor eerily quiet. In some ways, it is like sleeping in a coffin, but I don’t mind. It is quiet and dark. I sleep deeply and well, and wake up early, ready for another day of Tokyo explorations. As I am getting ready, I see the other foreign girl in the hallway and we share a conspiratorial glance. We are trespassers in this place, in more ways than one. It is a quintessentially male Japanese experience; and yet, here we are.,If You Go,Asukusa Riverside Capsule Hotel,www.asakusa-capsule.jp/english,Read More: Only in Tokyo: Unusual Things to Do in Japan, ,Travel to Guam and immerse yourself in traditional Chamorro cultural by visiting beautiful historic sites, celebrating Chamorro festivals and enjoying culinary specialties.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,“Hafa Adai!” When arriving in the northern Pacific island of Guam, visitors are greeted with this traditional Chamorro welcome as they step off the plane and begin their journey into the island’s ancient culture. ,Located in the Western Pacific Ocean between Japan and Australia, Guam is one of the U.S.’s five inhabited island territories. It sits on the edge of the Marianas trench, the deepest surveyed point in the world, and is only 900 miles north of the equator in the region known as Micronesia. ,First settled more than 4,000 years ago by people arriving from the Philippine Islands to the west and subsequently from the Caroline Islands and Southeast Asian islands including Indonesia, the ancient Chamorro culture that evolved from those early settlers is still much in evidence today with 37% of the population identifying as Chamorro. ,There’s no better place to experience the food, music, arts and crafts of the Chamorros than at Guam’s night markets and village festivals that bring together residents and visitors alike to celebrate the culture of this far-away but accessible tropical island. ,One of the most popular night markets is held every Wednesday night in Chamorro Village. Located in the capital city of Hagatna, it’s open every day of the week, but Wednesday evening is when the mouth-watering smoke of barbeque permeates the center court where Guam food trucks and stalls offer a veritable buffet of local foods and fresh fruit juices amid the Spanish-inspired buildings. ,Farmers sell their produce and dance groups often entertain the crowd while a karabao, or water buffalo, one of the most well-known images of Guam pulling a two-wheeled cart, is on hand to give rides to children and stand calmly chewing its cud for selfies. ,Originally from the Philippines, karabao were Introduced to Guam during the Spanish occupation (1668-1898) for farming and today are the image of a slower-paced and less populated time prior to World War II. ,Join the crowd and swing and sway to a local band that plays both modern and traditional island music in the village’s main pavilion where families and friends gather to enjoy the warm night air. ,The mission of Chamorro Village is to promote made-on-Guam products and small businesses that are much in evidence among the shops and booths where handmade jewelry, clothing, food products including locally produced honey, bath products like fresh-pressed coconut oil, and arts and crafts are on display. ,Some of the island’s master wood carvers also sell their artwork and furniture made from the durable ifil tree with its rich, dark red wood that is the territorial tree of Guam. ,The authentic Ancient Chamorro crescent-shaped sinahi, or moon, necklace is also available at the market and comes in many sizes and materials including giant clam shell, whale bone and basalt. ,Just look for the “Made on Guam” label and strike up a conversation with the friendly artisans to learn more about their crafts.,Each of Guam’s 19 villages also has its own lively, annual feast day, or fiesta, to celebrate its patron saint. ,One of the most popular fiestas is the Malesso’ Gupot Chamoru/Crab Festival in the southern village of Merizo. ,A three-day event starring the local land crab, it’s held annually in March and features great food and barbeque, live music and dancing, carnival games, culinary competitions and contests that includes a crab-catching contest. ,More than 2,000 crabs are released and contestants ages 8 and up scramble to catch as many as they can. Children receive small cash prizes, and the adults get to take home their haul. ,Get there early because the stuffed crab and crab cakes sell out before the end of the day. ,Other festivals throughout the year include Agat’s three-day Mango Festival in late May that celebrates Guam’s unofficial fruit. Whether pickled, juiced, or straight off the tree, this festival is dedicated to the juicy, red-gold fruit.,The donne’, or hot red pepper, is a staple of Chamorro cuisine, adding heat and spice to almost all dishes from pickled mango and papaya to barbeque marinades and the signature dipping sauce, finadene. Mangilao’s Donne’ Festival takes place in September with cooking competitions challenging everyone to see who can stand the most heat. The hotter, the better.,The village of Talofofo is a favorite place for hikers where cascading waterfalls rush through green valleys into rivers that run past caves full of stalagmites and ancient cave drawings. ,Held annually in April at Ipan Beach Park, the Talofofo Banana Festival celebrates the village’s signature fruit. Among the favorite offerings is a deep-fried banana wrapped in a crunchy lumpia wrapper and covered with caramelized brown sugar. ,The coconut, or niyok, is the star of two festivals that take place in Agana Heights in March and Inarajan in May. The fruit is one of Guam’s most important native plants and appears on the Guam seal and flag. ,Inarajan is known for its historic district with narrow streets lined with houses built over a hundred years ago. ,Residents fill front yards and porches, and music pours out as they walk to Gef Pa’go Cultural Village along the sea where vendors, tours and games take place. Buy a young coconut bursting with fresh coconut juice and sip the refreshing nectar. ,At the height of the festival, a Coconut Queen is crowned and seated at the center of the parade on a Coconut Throne pulled behind a truck to the cultural village where families cheer on their relatives as they compete in various competitions. ,Among them is coconut husking with adults racing to tear apart coconut husks using a traditional husker, or heggao, made from a pointed wooden stick. ,Although Guam is now a melting pot of many cultures including Filipino, Micronesian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, American, Mexican and Spanish, as a U.S. Territory, English is spoken everywhere, and the American dollar is the currency. ,The popular markets and festivals were on hold during the pandemic but are now coming back. For more information and a current calendar of events, contact the Guam Visitors Bureau at www.visitguam.com.,Author’s Bio: Writer/photographer Joyce McClure joined the Peace Corps as a Response Volunteer in August 2016 and traded the island of Manhattan for the island of Yap after a long career as a senior executive in marketing communications. When her service ended, she stayed on for five years and recently moved to Guam.,Since Guam is a US territory, Americans do not require a visa. There are numerous airlines serving Guam. United is the primary US carrier with flights from Hawaii, Japan and South Korea.,Informative and lively. I would love to visit— how about flights and accessibility to Americans?,Leaving your cultural comfort zone halfway around the world, Tokyo forces you to look differently at yourself, often finding common ground.,As a traveler, my first instinct is always to assimilate into the culture I’m visiting as quickly as possible. I study the public transportation in hopes of navigating myself effortlessly through the city streets.,I’ll read about common customs, or greetings, and implement them wherever possible. While it is certainly a difficult task, avoiding the label of tourist is always top of mind.,Based upon this focus, I’ve found that the cultures closest to your personal experience are much easier to assimilate to. If you’ve grown up in the United States, as I did, this should be easy to appreciate.,Americans commonly romanticize destinations like the Eiffel Tower, Buckingham Palace or the Roman Coliseum, and so when we visit these places there’s something that feels natural about the experience.,By learning about the destination in history classes, or seeing it in movies and television shows, you’ve really been preparing your entire life for that moment when you’re finally there in person. And while the experience is bound to be thrilling in person, it isn’t shocking or something you were totally unprepared for.,All of this is to say that when I touched down in Tokyo earlier this year, I couldn’t be sure what I had gotten myself into. My colleagues who had been, of which there weren’t many, raved about the experience I was embarking upon.,They talked mainly of the food, from street vendors to fine omakase-style dining, until they had my mouth watering. My taste for sushi, so they said, would be forever ruined upon returning stateside.,Tokyo, the World’s Second-Largest city, is Four Times More Populous than New York City,In going halfway across the world, however, I was effectively leaving any sort of cultural comfort zone. With nearly 40 million people, Tokyo is the world’s second-largest city. Living in New York City, I felt I’d be prepared for large cities. Tokyo, however, is more than four times more populous than New York  — a number that is difficult to comprehend.,When crossing streets in certain areas of Tokyo, one must be prepared for the tidal wave of people closing in, the anonymity of your being never more apparent than when walking into the ocean of strangers coming toward you.,Beyond the sheer number of people, the Japanese culture has a way of making you look differently at yourself. The individual is best suited by serving the interests of the whole, and the respect that is shown toward one another is profound.,This is apparent in ways both big and small. The streets of Tokyo are spotless — not even a stray wrapper can be seen drifting through the air.,On our first night, we take a tour through Shinjuku, the entertainment hub of the city, and our guide explains that most people simply carry their trash with them and throw it out once they get back home.,At a Tokyo Giants baseball game at the Tokyo Dome the next day, both teams have cheering sections. The fans of the team batting stand and chant in unison, throughout the half-inning. Once their team takes the field, however, they sit silently and allow the fans of the other team to begin their own chants.,On the subway, everyone lines up single file waiting for their train to arrive. Despite the cars frequently overflowing with people, no one pushes, or rushes on before allowing everyone to get off.,From a culinary perspective, the cuisine is an experience best suited for the adventurous. At Tokyo’s famed fish market there is raw squid served on a stick and prawns ground into a jelly-like substance. After a couple of unfortunate decisions, I stumble into a bakery not far from the fish market, and despite my initial intentions of fitting in, I cave and order a croissant (well, two actually).,During our second night in Tokyo, we find ourselves at Kyubey in Ginza. The neighborhood of Ginza boasts some of the city’s most upscale shopping and dining. Uniqlo’s flagship, seven-story store isn’t more than a few blocks away from the restaurant. Leaving our shoes outside, we seat ourselves on a wooden platform, the slabs of raw fish laid upon the bar in front of us, awaiting their preparation.,Three other couples are joining us on this foray into the unknown, the most notable being a mother with her son who couldn’t have been any older than 10. My gaze lingers on them in surprise for a moment while the mother orders sake, and I almost expect her to ask for a glass for her son.,Two chefs begin preparations for our first course. We have been assigned the older of the two, and I note the familiar way in which his hands handle the fish laid in front of him. His hair is cropped short, and is graying around the temples, the lines of his face revealing the seriousness in which he pursues his craft.,We sample sea urchin, which is surprisingly delicious, and several rounds of sushi which may just ruin my taste for it once I’m back home.,Just as we begin to relax, our chef procures live prawns, and severing their heads, begins to expertly remove the rest of their shell. Serving it on a layer of rice, the prawn flesh twitches in front me, and I flinch, questioning my eyes for a moment until I see it happen again. A few minutes later, the prawn heads are produced, this part of the body cooked, and I look on in awe as the boy to my right devours it, eyes and all.,While our trip begins in Tokyo, it continues in Kyoto, a relatively quick train ride west. Kyoto was once the capital city of Japan, and the city oozes of tradition. The gardens and temples of Kyoto may be on a smaller scale compared with Tokyo, but they are maintained with a level of care that is unmatched. On the streets of Kyoto, I’m mindful of my presence lest I mistakenly break some unwritten cultural rule.,On our last night in Kyoto, we find ourselves at Yakitori Torito for dinner. Yakitori restaurants are common throughout Japan, offering grilled chicken on skewers. Yakitori Torito is dark, and tiny. Behind us, a group of tourists chatter noisily.,To our left, a couple of Japanese businessmen linger over their food, smoke wafting from their lit cigarettes and congregating on the ceiling. Seated at the bar, the grill is in front of us, the coals emitting a heat that fills the space. The Japanese beer we drink is light and flavorful quenching our thirst between courses.,We start simply with chicken breast and leg. But by the second, third and forth orders of skewered chicken, we’ve grown more adventurous. Chicken liver, heart and wing tips now lay in front of us in wait.,And so, here we sit, halfway across the world from anywhere known, or familiar. The trip has been more exhilarating and challenging, more thrilling and taxing than any I’ve been on before.,But in this tiny Yakitori, somewhere in the heart of Kyoto, I sense that we’ve found some middle ground. The beer here may have an unfamiliar name, but it is just as refreshing as anyone could hope to have back home. The cuts of grilled chicken may be more exotic than we’re accustomed, but the seasoning rivaled any I’d previously enjoyed.,I look down at my watch and note how quickly the evening had turned into night. Around us, diners lean forward in their chairs, sharing conversation and passing food around their respective tables. There’s Japanese spoken, of course, but here and there I overhear some English, and then a third language I’m unfamiliar with.,The mood is relaxed and comfortable, no one in a hurry to be anywhere else. The cigarette smoke is hazy, so that the corners of the room, nearly hidden from view, are mysterious.,As the minutes pass by, I begin to ponder the common bonds that link us all. The Japanese culture is vastly different from any I’d previously experienced, and up until this point in our trip, I’d felt uneasy as I navigated such a foreign landscape. But here at this Yakitori, I’m reminded that as a people we have much more in common than not.,For when the work is done, and it is time to relax, we’re all likely to find comfort in companionship, good food and drink and a relaxing place to rest. As I finish the last of my beer, I couldn’t help but smile at the fact that tonight I’d found all three.,Looking around, it is clear that everyone else had as well, and suddenly, I was no longer so far from home.,Author Bio: Ryan McCormick is a Consultant, and aspiring writer, currently living in New York City. In traveling, both for work and pleasure, he has developed a passion for exploration and cultivating new experiences. In his writing, he tends to focus on an interaction, or observation, and how it can have a lasting impact on one’s outlook on life,This New Zealand town feels like Scotland, but it’s half a world away.,The only thing missing is the sound of bagpipes.,A morning mist hovers over the rolling hillsides. Here and there, polka dots of white sheep decorate patches of green grass, separated by brambly hedgerows.,Closer to town the mist turns to rain, darkening the stone facade of the cathedral. Lines of black umbrellas bob along the sidewalks, passing parks and pubs. Merchants display tartans in shop windows. A train whistle blows nearby.,It feels like Scotland, but it’s half a world away. This is a typical morning in Dunedin, New Zealand.,Dunedin is a modern city steeped in the heritage of its 19th century Scottish founders. It is also a gateway city for exploring the rugged landscape of New Zealand. Here on the east coast of the South Island, the Taieri Gorge Railway begins its journey into the hinterland of the Otago region.,The journey starts in style at the Dunedin Railway Station, one of the most photographed buildings in New Zealand. Built at the beginning of the 20th century, the station rises grandly in strong stripes of gray basalt and white stone. A manicured garden sits gracefully below pink granite columns and a New Zealand flag flies proudly above the copper cupola of the clock tower.,The interior of the station is delicate compared to the heavy stone exterior. The arrivals hall is bright and golden-hued, wrapped in a porcelain tile frieze. High above, a colorful stained glass window features an approaching locomotive; the same locomotive appears in profile on the mosaic tile floor.,The Taieri Gorge Railway departs from the main platform. Most of the train cars are bright yellow “heritage carriages,” which are wood-clad both inside and out. A few more up-to-date carriages are painted blue and coupled near the modern diesel electric engine.,From the station, the train travels slowly south through the outskirts of Dunedin. Gradually, suburbs give way to undulating pastureland. As the tracks curve northwest, a series of tunnels signal that the terrain is changing and the train picks up speed.,Suddenly, as the train emerges from a gully, the Wingatui Viaduct appears ahead. It’s a towering wrought iron bridge spanning almost 650 feet. Six trestles of various sizes support the tracks over 150 feet above the streambed. Passengers crane their necks to get the best view, as the bridge is the largest and most impressive man-made feature on the journey.,Near the Wingatui Viaduct, the train tracks begin to trace alongside the Taieri River. Craggy cliffs replace gentle hills, and the terrain gets rougher and more uneven as the train continues north.,Wisps of native grasses begin competing for space in the rocky topsoil. Suddenly, a golden blaze of blooms explodes over the landscape as far as the eye can see. The blooms are the flowers of the spiny gorse shrub, originally imported by European settlers as a hedge plant. The gorse thrive in the temperate climate and now grow wild. Today, gorse infests hundreds of acres. Even though the weed is unwelcome, it gives the Taieri Gorge a distinctive yellow-gold palette.,This colorful but forbidding landscape along the Taieri River was largely inaccessible in the late 19th century. When the first section of the railway opened in 1889, it connected sheep runs and farms that could not be reached reliably by road. By providing both a means of communication and transportation, the railway contributed significantly to the development of the Otago region. Today, the train rolls past long abandoned stations where early settlers picked up supplies and shipped livestock and farm produce to points north and south.,Almost two hours after leaving Dunedin, the railroad climbs high above the Taieri River, threading its way along jagged ridges. With the river winding below, the train passes through The Notches, rocky outcrops laced together by a series of trestle bridges. The railway reaches its highest elevation near here, and the view into the narrow, deep gorge below is the most dramatic on the journey.,Emerging from the gorge at Pukerangi, the train locomotive swiftly switches ends for the return trip to Dunedin. On the way back, passengers linger with their cameras on the viewing platforms between carriages. Some comment on the natural beauty of the gorge, while others focus on the engineering feat of the railway. Everyone agrees that the vintage train journey offers an unrivaled glimpse into the natural environment of New Zealand’s South Island.,If You Go,The Dunedin-Pukerangi half-day return journey on the Taieri Gorge Railway is available most days year-round, twice daily (9:30 a.m. and 2:30 p.m.) during the summer (October-April). Ticket prices start at NZ$89, and booking is available at the Dunedin Railway Station or online at www.taieri.co.nz.,A selection of light foods and beverages, (including beer and wine,) are available for purchase at the snack bar on each train. To avoid standing in line during the best scenery, make purchases early in the journey.,Pre-recorded commentary onboard can be difficult to hear. Brochures including a route map are available from the train staff.,The Dunedin Railway Station is a 5-10 minute walk from the Octagon, the central plaza of Dunedin.,Author Bio: Catherine Fancher is a Dallas-based attorney who decided to take some time off in 2012. She sold her house, put everything in storage and traded her high heels for hiking boots. 29 countries later, she is still traveling.,[mappress mapid=”887″],When stupendous isn’t good enough, try the general store’s ultimate jawbreakers. Just don’t be late for school.,It wasn’t your ordinary B&B. The flowery chintz couch and the blossom-filled chintz wallpaper made the living room look like a psychedelic trip. Ceramic crocks of flour and sugar lined the countertop of the old-fashioned kitchen, and there was even one filled with homemade granola. I wondered whether our bill would be higher if I sneaked some.An odd metal contraption that looked like a rolling pin inside a metal canister hung on the wall. And an upholstered chair had front legs that were 4 inches (10 cm) shorter than its hind legs.,I was pondering the possible meaning of these strange items when there was a knock at the door, and a young woman in a long gingham dress and lace apron bustled in and took charge of our kitchen, whipping up a batch of apple pancakes and cutting up fruit.,Definitely not what I expect at a B&B. But then, nothing about our stay so far had been normal. The night before we had parked our car outside the stockade-like gates of Barkerville, and gotten a ride on a stage coach to the Kelly House.,Horse-drawn conveyances are the only sort allowed in Barkerville, a historic theme town situated about 55 miles (88 km) east of the city of Quesnel, at the end of Highway 26 in central British Columbia. And we awoke to the dragging sound of the dirt street outside the window being graded by a two-horse team pulling a metal bar.,The mysteries soon became clear, as our cook, Alicia, explained. The metal contraption on the wall was a sausage maker, the oddly tilting chair was for hoopskirt-wearing women, so that their skirts would not tilt upward, showing off underthings, when seated. Who knew this was a problem?,“I bet they didn’t have mangoes back then,” said my husband, Eric, with a raised eyebrow, as Alicia began slicing the tropical fruit. “Actually, if they could afford it, they brought it in, including champagne and caviar,” said Alicia. She put the mangoes and other fruits into a cut-glass bowl and arranged ornate silverware on the damask-decked table.,It’s hard to imagine how early settlers could afford such expensive products, let alone get them to such a remote outpost. However, it wasn’t the typical early Canadian town, filled with poor people scrapping to make a living off the land. Barkerville was born in 1862 following the discovery of gold on nearby Williams Creek, four years earlier.,The town grew quickly to accommodate fortune seekers from around the world; by the end of the year, 30,000 miners called Barkerville home, with shanties and saloons crowded cheek by jowl. With the completion of the Cariboo Wagon Road in 1865, the town was much easier to get to, and the population swelled even more, until it became the largest city west of Chicago and north of San Francisco.,The town in the middle of the woods was a supply and social center for miners, complete with numerous saloons, dance halls, general stores and boarding houses. Much of the early “entertainment” consisted of drinking, gambling and frequenting houses of ill repute, but there was also a church, a literary society and a theater.,In 1868, the town burned down nearly to the ground, yet within six weeks more than 90 buildings had been rebuilt. Eventually, the gold petered out, and residents moved on to the nearby town of Wells and other areas where gold was still plentiful. By the turn of the 20th century, Barkerville was essentially a ghost town.,The town experienced a small revival in the 1930s during the Great Depression, when the price of gold rose, yet many lean years followed. In 1958 the final residents of the town were bought out and moved to nearby New Barkerville. The town was designated a historic provincial park, and was gradually restored to its glory days of 1869 through 1885.,Today, Barkerville consists of equal parts living museum, and stores and restaurants reminiscent of earlier days. In a dry-goods store, I overheard a woman in a bustled gown and ornate, feathery, hat say to the clerk, “I need to buy some yard goods,” and bolts of calico and gingham were proffered for inspection.,A couple of dapper gentlemen in vests and suspenders, with muttonchop sideburns sauntered past us, doffing their hats and greeting us with, “Good Day!”,As we entered a general store, my 12-year-old daughter, Kirsten, glanced around, then her eyes widened at row upon row of enormous glass jars filled with a rainbow of candies. The jawbreakers, in graduating sizes, were labeled “stupendous,” “almost ultimate” and “ultimate.” Suffice it to say that the “ultimate” would choke a horse, of which there were many here, carrying out daily tasks such as making deliveries and offering carriage rides.,Lace nightgowns, cast-iron pots and wooden utensils were on display, as well as bone China, fans and simple wooden toys. Everything in the store, as is true of pretty much everything in Barkerville, is representative of gold rush days. While I browsed, Kirsten picked up a folk toy, a tumble ladder, with a little character that swung from rung to rung. My digital-age daughter played with it the entire time we were in the store.,Farther along the boardwalk, I was surprised to come across a lively, packed Chinese restaurant, glowing red with layer upon layer of Victorian-era kitsch and strings of lanterns. The posted menu was filled with vintage foods such as chop suey (meat and vegetables in a starch-thickened sauce) and egg foo young, an omelette dish. A few storefronts down was a Chinese laundry, complete with signs in Chinese and English. It was then I realized that the town was divided into Caucasian and Chinese sections by gold rush era racial segregation.,The shops and dwellings in the Chinese section were fascinating. A dark, tea-colored store interior, a mini-museum, was filled with Chinese tea trade antiques, bundles of tea leaves and earthenware tea sets. A nearby boarding house showed the grimness of life for single Chinese men, with rows of bunk beds crowded like kernels on a corn cob, and a small wood stove, with nary a place to put their belongings. Obviously, there were few.,What seemed to us originally to be something we could take in, in oh, maybe a couple of hours, turned into a day of discovery. Every time we thought we were finished exploring, we stumbled across yet one more hidden-away attraction among the more than 125 restored or reconstructed buildings.,By the time my family was dragging and ready for ice cream and getting back on the road, I was still fascinated by the richness of this living museum experience.,Peering through the window of a clapboard one-room schoolhouse, I saw that “students,” — visitors, actually — were getting what appeared to be a historic classroom lecture from a strict-looking, bun-haired schoolmarm. I opened the door as quietly as possible, yet the teacher stopped talking and stared right at me. “Well, look who’s late!” she said. “I’m sorry, but you know my rules: Late to school, and you might as well stay home and help with the chores!”,Late or not, I’m glad I didn’t stay home.,If You Go,Barkerville Historic Town is open during the summer and during the month of December, when it swells with tours, demonstrations, street interpreters, live theater, restaurants, gift shops, a bakery, a photography studio and many more attractions.,www.barkerville.ca,British Columbia Tourism,www.hellobc.com, ,As I scanned the rows of customers, I saw there was only one woman – me. The Moroccan café society, I soon learned, is synonymous with ‘for men only.’ Fortunately, some here were willing to overlook that.,It reminded me of Paris, of the Left Bank café haunts where Hemingway, Picasso and Fitzgerald gathered.,Rows of small round tables, with two chairs positioned side by side, faced the street in the open-air. The setting provided a backdrop for people-watching and discreet conversation.,Moroccan gentlemen, dressed in knitted skull caps, soft leather, heelless slippers and long flowing, hooded robes called djellabas filled the seats.,The clip-clop of horse-drawn carriages, donkeys pulling carts and Mercedes taxis whizzing by exemplified the paradoxes of time.,Scurrying women, wearing brightly colored head scarves or a rare black berka, amid the twisted sounds of Arabic, gave the scene an exotic feel.,Walking along the narrow strip of sidewalk that remained unused, we surveyed many of Marrakesh’s busy outdoor cafés, looking for the perfect spot to enjoy our afternoon ‘nuss-nuss.’ ,An Arabic phrase which means half and half, nuss-nuss is perhaps the most common idiom in all of Morocco. Throughout the country, one hears the ubiquitous term in every café and every two-table stall in the medinas.,Patrons order a shot of espresso topped with warm milk ― nuss-nuss or the national drink, dubbed Moroccan whiskey ― green mint tea, called thé.,These outdoor social establishments line every major street and hug the ancient Kasbah walls on the constricted back alleys, where scooters squeeze through.,As we searched for that ‘inviting one’ among the many, a strange pattern emerged. Practically every seat at one café was occupied, while tables at the next longed for a single client.,We learned that café goers migrate with the sun ― looking for shadows in summer and the warmth of the sun’s rays in winter.,Bundled against the crisp, chilly November wind whipping through the narrow thoroughfares of Marrakesh, we understood why throngs gathered where sunbeams glistened.,We took a table graced by waves of heat. I scanned the rows of customers. There was only one woman. Me.,The Moroccan café society is synonymous with masculin pluriel ― for men only. In Marrakesh, Fes and Casablanca, sipping nuss-nuss at an al fresco coffee shop has developed into a cult-like Muslim ‘men’s club.’,The street and all its excitement is strictly a man’s domain. Women remain relegated to the privacy of their homes for socialization and for prayer.,They plant the crops, tend the fields, take care of the family, gather firewood and buy goods at market, leaving little time to relax at an outdoor café, even if allowed.,There’s a joke in Morocco: the unemployment rate is so high that you’ll find more men in cafés than at work. It seemed more truth than jest. ,The waiter, accustomed to foreign women invading this space reserved for males only, took my order for a nuss-nuss, but seemed comforted by the fact that, at least, a man accompanied me.  ,I wondered if I would have been served if I had come alone. Most of the men sitting nearby smoked long thin cigarettes and seemed fascinated by my husband’s Havana cigar. One man commented that he enjoyed the aroma that drifted from our table.,I felt relieved that ‘something’ had diverted their attention away from the shock that a female had entered their territory.,A Japanese woman staying at our riad, a 300-year-old home built for nobles, turned B&B for foreigners, had recounted a story at breakfast that reflected the depth of male dominance.,Out of cigarettes, she went to a nearby store to purchase a pack of Marlboros. Three different shopkeepers refused her request. Women cannot buy cigarettes, as smoking remains a diversion reserved for men.,She returned to the hotel, grabbed the bellman and took him to the store. He bought the pack with ease, as she stood in the shadows outside.,Stiff drinks cannot be sold at cafés. Moroccan law calls for a ban on alcohol sales to Muslims and Islamic law forbids the consumption of any intoxicating substances.,Only restaurants and hotels catering to a foreign clientele are allowed to serve liquor, wine and beer.,Despite this fact, The Kingdom of Morocco earned one billion dirham from the liquor sales tax in 2014 and the problem of domestic violence at the hands of drunken men has reached epidemic proportions.,If abuse cases ever make it to court, charges are generally dismissed because the alcohol is deemed the culprit, relieving the man of personal responsibility.,A few extra prayers should solve the problem. Ahh… the hypocrisy of religions everywhere runs rampant here too.,Before heading into the Sahara for several nights of tent camping, our Moroccan guide asked if we wanted to buy some ‘spirits’ to soften the sting of the brutally cold desert nights.,Liquor remains as hidden from the public as the practice of Muslim men drinking it. At a supermarket, we were diverted from its main entrance to an obscure, narrow doorway next to the store.,Down three flights of unlit stairs, we emerged into a 2,000-square-foot bright, busy cavern, where foreigners and local men made their alcohol selections from crowded shelves.,The guide advised us to conceal our purchases, bagged in opaque black bags, upon leaving the underground cache.,We noticed that the men’s djellaba robes provided a secret compartment to hide their illegal goodies.,During Ramadan, the liquor stalls remain caged to prevent any sales, although, in Morocco, as anywhere on this earth, laws can be sidestepped for the right price.,And so, we realized that nuss-nuss means more than café-au-lait.,The mixture of black coffee and white milk represents the blending of ancient and modern, examples of extremes, the strict following of Islamic tradition, but ignoring religious law when it suits.,One thing it does not mean, yet; that women are welcome to join the Moroccan Men’s Club.,Author’s Bio: After a life-long profession of treating the mentally ill at a PA psychiatric hospital for 33 years and also serving as its Director of Admissions, Carol retired to Lake Chapala, Mexico in 2006 with her husband, to pursue more positive passions. Her family thought that she, too, had ‘gone mad.’ She’s been teaching English to Mexican adults for ten years, in a program operated by volunteer expatriates and writing for local on-line and print publications. Using her adventures experienced during visits to over 80 countries to capture a niche in travel writing, Carol also dabbles in ‘memoir.’  A frequent contributor to Lake Chapala English magazine, “El Ojo del Lago,” she’s won several literary awards from that publication, including Best Feature in 2010 and Best Fiction in 2014. She also netted a story regarding her psychiatric field work in the published anthology, “Tales from the Couch.”  ,[mappress mapid=”984″],When the winter chill thaws, Swedes come out to play. The Land of the Midnight Sun celebrates summer in style — especially in Stockholm.,The morning air is still cool, but customers are already seated at Kafekoppen’s wooden outdoor tables. I can’t decide where to sit, so I stand at the doorway of the tiny café in Stockholm’s Old Town and watch as waitresses scurry in and out, their hands laden with pastries and huge cups of coffee.,Tantalizing aromas fill the room’s 13th Century interior, and the soft sounds of Swedish echo off the walls. The café is warm and cozy, but it is almost summer in Stockholm, so I head back outside to grab a table of my own.,Although I pull my jacket close, the hearty customers outside ignore the chill. After long months of cold weather and short hours of sunlight, Swedes relish every minute of the light-filled summer months.,I plan to do the same. Sitting back in my rickety chair, I bask in the sun’s warm rays and soak in the colors of summer: red and pink geraniums in hanging baskets, lush trees lining the narrow cobblestone streets, and the pale-pink, okra and peach-colored historic buildings of Stortorget, Old Town’s main square.,I have visited Stockholm before, but this is my first day of this trip, and I am right where I want to be. Gamla Stan is the very heart of this vibrant city. Stockholm began here on this tiny island more than eight centuries ago. Even today, walking the island’s winding alleyways is like walking into the past.,But there is another reason that the island draws me.,While some consider Paris and Venice the cities of romance, Stockholm has always claimed that title for me. For it was here, walking through the quiet streets of Gamla Stan that I fell in love with Stockholm – and the handsome Swedish boy who first introduced me to this tranquil city by the sea. We spent hours strolling along the water’s edge and exploring the area’s treasures – tiny shops, cobblestone squares and cozy cafés.,Years have passed since then, and the Swedish boy has since grown to be a man with a life of his own, but this city of 1.8 million has never lost my affections. Like other visitors, I am drawn to Stockholm’s quiet nature, friendly, English-speaking residents and unique culture.,The first thing most visitors notice is the city’s stunning location. Built on 14 islands that border the edge of a 24,000-island archipelago along the Baltic, Stockholm is a city of water. Bridges (all 52 of them) crisscross the orderly streets, where modern architecture is built alongside Renaissance-era buildings.,Stockholm has carefully preserved its natural environment and boasts that it is one-third water, one-third parkland and one-third buildings. The Swedish affection for the outdoors is ever present, even in the city. Hundreds of bikes fill the bike paths; sailboats navigate the clean waterways; fishermen cast their lines from the piers; and children swim in the canals.,The sea is everywhere, and having had my fill of coffee, I follow its banks through Gamla Stan, where centuries-old history eventually melds into current day life. The Royal Palace of the Kingdom of Sweden is located at the north end of Old Town. The palace, said to be the biggest in Europe, is the official residence of the royal family, although they currently live on the island of Drottningholm. The palace is open for tours, and is a popular attraction for visitors.,Across the canal from the palace, I pass the Opera House, and the most prestigious restaurant in Sweden, the Operakällaren. Nearby is the Kungsträdgården, the King’s Royal Garden. It’s a good place to take a stroll or simply people watch.,Stockholm has more museums than I’ve ever been able to visit, but today I am headed to two of my favorites – the Vasa Museum (Vasamuseet) and the Nordic Museum (Nordiska Museet). These two sit side by side, and reaching them is simple.,The Stockholm card I’ve purchased provides 24-hour access to the public transportation system (including the ferries), as well as entrance to almost all of the city’s attractions. Although there is a well-organized subway (called the ‘T’) and an excellent bus system, a ferry is the quickest way to the island of Djurgården, where the museums are located.,The Vasa is a true national treasure. In 1628, the Vasa, a warship that was the pride of the Swedish navy, sailed on her maiden voyage – and immediately sank in the harbor. The great ship was raised in 1961, and then lovingly preserved. More than 10 million visitors have seen the impressive warship.,The Nordic Museum is Sweden’s national museum of cultural history, covering everything from folk art to fashion. The museum’s content seems to bridge a gap in my own education. Like millions of other Americans, I have Swedish roots. Yet the years have watered down that heritage to traditional foods and holiday customs. Places like the Nordic Museum are helpful in understanding that rich Swedish heritage.,I am not alone in my quest for Swedish roots. Every year, thousands of visitors from all over the world travel to Sweden hoping to research their family history. Sweden has designed a whole program to help these visitors re-discover their heritage, and track down family ties.,Another excellent spot to learn about the Sweden of the past is at Skansen, Stockholm’s living air museum. More than 200 historic farm buildings, shops and homes have been preserved in the 75-acre park (about 0,30 km²) amid the island’s nature and flowers. Swedes in period costumes interpret various time periods.,Skansen is one of the most popular attractions in Stockholm for both locals and tourists alike. It’s perfect for all ages, from families with young children to those interested in Swedish culture. Most national holidays, including Midsummer and Lucia, are celebrated at Skansen with traditional festivities.,Yet while Skansen celebrates Sweden’s past, this nation moves eagerly into the future. The country boasts the latest in scientific research and technological devices, and I’ve discovered things here that I’ve never seen elsewhere. (Sweden has produced a cedar “drying closet” for laundry that I’d love to take home.),Sweden joined the EU in 1994, but still uses its own currency, the krona. Most purchases include the standard 25 percent sales tax, which is already figured into the price. Non-EU visitors can claim a refund for purchases over SEK 200 (about US$ 26). Be sure to ask for a tax-free receipt at the time of your purchase.,But Sweden is perhaps best known for its stunning and innovative design, which often centers on minimalism.,“Our design is functionalist,” a Swedish friend says. “Look at what you need and then remove what you don’t. When there is nothing left to remove, you have achieved Swedish design.”,I have cousins living in Sweden, and Pontus and Becky helpfully explain the country’s fascination with minimalism when I visit them later that week.,“The Swedish word lagom means ‘just right’ – not too much and not too little,” Pontus says. “It’s a whole Swedish philosophy, and applies to everything from cooking to the clothes you wear. You don’t want to stand out, or have too much of something, yet you want to be sure you have what you need.”,This love of simplicity is obvious later that week when I go shopping in Drottninggatan, a popular blocks-long pedestrian shopping mall. Although Swedish fashions follow the latest trends, colors still tend to be muted and subtle. Clothing is rarely loud or showy.,This gentle sense of style is not surprising in a culture that spurns extravagance and self-glorification. It’s a compliment to call someone “ordinary,” for it means that he or she fits in well.,Yet what does stand out is Swedish cuisine. Over the past decade, the number of restaurants in Stockholm has almost doubled. World-famous chefs and top dining establishments are no longer the exception.,While local fare has taken on more of an international flavor over the years, my cousins and I choose one of the many local cafés when we meet up for lunch. Here one can still find husmanskost, which means “good down-home cooking.” Local dishes include fresh fish, thick bread and tasty sauces.,But my favorite times in Stockholm seem to revolve around fika, a very Swedish tradition. “Fika” is a word used to describe having coffee, but it’s an entire cultural institution. It implies taking a break for life’s daily grind and relaxing in the company in others. While Brits head to the pubs to socialize, Swedes get together for coffee.,The java drink is popular here; Swedes have traditionally been among the top consumers of coffee, per capita, worldwide.,“Fika is almost a religion,” a friend tells me as we sit outdoors overlooking the water on my last night in Stockholm. “We have fika before we start work, fika in the mid-morning, then after lunch and after dinner. It’s always a good time for fika.”,I laugh and nod in agreement. It’s just another reason that I return again and again to this land by the sea.,The hazy midnight sun casts its last rays across the water as the sun begins to set. It is almost 11 pm, yet the city is still illuminated by the sun’s rays. This is one benefit of life in the north. While the sun goes missing in winter, in summer it returns in full force. Its comforting presence seems to make summer days linger.,A whispering breeze sweeps over us, and I catch the smell of fresh flowers and the salty breath of the sea. I stop for a moment and make a mental picture. It is a beautiful night to be in Stockholm.,If You Go,Tourism in Sweden
www.visitsweden.com, ,From traditional dinners to the Fijian kava ceremony, Fiji is a great place to disconnect from the stresses of the modern world.,The Melanesian archipelago of Fiji sits in the South Pacific Ocean and spans over 300 islands and 500 islets, some 106 are permanently inhabited.,It is here, in these innumerable island communities, that the nation’s heart and soul come to life – something which I had the privilege of experiencing first-hand in the highlands of Ra Province, on Fiji’s largest island, Viti Levu.,Whilst life in the capital city, Suva, is busy and increasingly metropolitan, a large portion of the nation is organized into smaller, more rural villages.,One of Fiji’s fourteen provinces, Ra occupies the north-eastern coast of Viti Levu and is made up of 93 itaukei (Fijian indigenous) villages. Its population totaling around 30,000. Within its borders lies Soa Village, where I spent the summer of 2019 living under the kind hospitality of a lady whom I came to know as “Auntie Bose.”,Her home, built largely from wood and corrugated iron, was painted pink with a stripe of blue lining its corners, windows and doorframes. Sitting atop a hill and overlooking the village, it felt strikingly majestic, a bright, colorful design suited perfectly to a family whose every step seemed laced with jovial spirits.,Owing to the kinship and community living that characterizes Fijian culture, this family was large, busy, and, by British standards, complex.,Family dinners, then, were no small affair. Auntie Bose would spread a blue blanket, or sometimes an old sulu (a traditional kilt-like garment), across the hand-woven mats lining the floor.,Atop this blanket would sit assorted bowls and plates of food to be eaten in a buffet-like style, typically ranging within the realms of stews, soups, noodle or rice dishes and, without fail, Auntie’s infamous tuna salad. The meal would be complete with a side of cassava and purple yams, both staple ingredients which the family grow themselves.,On one particular evening, each plate surrounding the blanket was topped with a singular fish. Its beady eye glared up from the plate as Mateo showed me how to reach the good stuff and, perhaps more importantly, avoid the bones.,Slowly getting the hang of things, Auntie Bose laughed and uttered a famed phrase: “See, Michelle, you would survive in the jungle.”,The fish soon devoured, I sent a vinaka naka kana (“thank you for the food”) in the direction of Auntie Bose and then leaned back onto the pillow behind me. It is customary – polite, even – to do so after a meal, laying back and resting with a full stomach and sated appetite.,In this space, this small gap in time where there was nothing to do but rest and talk, Auntie Bose and I shared stories, mythical tales or opinions on worldly events. Anything from university antics to jungle legends, to opinions on the British monarchy, were in the cards.,Such talks were fascinating and notably lacking in any sense of urgency, with no hurried panic to get the point across. Formed from calm, soft words spoken with the simple intent of sharing ideas, these honest and undistracted conversations remain treasured memories.,That night, we were heading down to a kava ceremony. Auntie Bose donned her rubber boots, but not before putting on a pair of statement earrings and a coat of dark red lipstick. She was wearing a pink, patterned jamba (a traditional two-piece garment worn by women) and struck a pose.,Her popularity within the community suddenly made complete sense, as did her youthful escapades come vividly to life.,The rubber boots, it turns out, were a wise choice. Though July and August sit within Fiji’s drier months, unusually heavy rainfall often turned the hilly descent from our pink house into a treacherous task. Auntie Bose’s children – Isa, Ili, Mateo and Malakai – ran carelessly and skillfully down without any fear of slipping while I walked tentatively behind.,Kava is the national drink of Fiji, known colloquially as “grog.” Made from the crushed root of the yaqona and strained with water, it has a mildly narcotic effect that induces a tingling, numbing sensation around the mouth and tongue.,Kava is served from a large communal tanoa, with each attendee brought, in turn, a bilo to drink from. The bilo itself is half of a coconut shell, filed down with a knife and buried underground for a few days until ready for use, at which point it is filled with the swirling, muddy-colored grog.,The kava ceremony was held in the bola bola, a make-shift construction to replace the community hall, which cyclone Winston obliterated in 2016. The aftermath of this brutal disaster, destroying almost 40,000 homes, was felt profoundly even three years later.,At the top end of the bola bola sat the village elders, including the Chief and Turanga-ni-Koro¸the head of the village.,Malakai, with his steady hand and dutiful demeanor, was serving the kava on this occasion. He brought a bilo toward me and waited until I clapped once, hands cupped to produce a loud and hollow sound. After this, I took the bilo from his hands and said a quick “Bula Vinaka!” before drinking the grog in one singular motion.,I handed the bilo back to Malakai, clapped three more times and watched as, beside me, Auntie Bose repeated the same ritual movements. As Malakai was leaving, he asked, “Tsunami?” He was making reference to one of the three servings that can be requested – low tide for a small serving, high tide for a full bilo and tsunami for a bilo that is practically overflowing.,Auntie Bose, mid-clap, looked at us and laughed. “Take it easy, Mala,” she said.,The ceremony carried on around us in this fashion, with attendees receiving their servings of grog and frequent cries of “Bula!” or “Vinaka!” filling the otherwise quiet hum of the night.,Slowly, the evening loosened, feeling less ceremonial and more like the social celebration that kava is often used to induce.,A group of men brought out guitars and began to strum a light, upbeat tune, singing loudly to stretch their voices over the noise of conversation and laughter. And inevitably, as the music began, dancing did too.,The unspoken gesture of an outstretched hand pulled me into the frenzy of Hop-Hop, a traditional style of dance which, I was taught, has no real rules, moves nor sequence. It roots itself instead of in the act of moving freely, of loosely following the music and falling into a certain rhythm with your partner(s).,We weaved in and out of one another, spun around and shuffled from side to side until the music grew quiet. Vinakas were exchanged and then partners swapped, rarely allowing for a chance to sit back down and enjoy – or rather, gulp down – a bowl of grog.,The bola bola was open-air, yet it somehow seemed as though the subtle magic of living was contained by some invisible walls. Perhaps all of this was felt more acutely by me, a Westerner thrilled by a break from the digital habits of home.,Perhaps my intense, almost spiritual joy was the product of a departure from my usual worries, anxieties and stresses, dressing me with rose-tinted glasses through which to view something that, to the residents of Soa, remains entangled with their own day-to-day concerns.,Nonetheless, the positivity of the Fijian people is undeniable – warmth seeped right out from this scene, from the heart of the community, and into the night sky above.,Then, as we left the bola bola and scaled the muddy hill back to the pink house, it was this very sky that captured my own heart. Mateo pointed a finger to the clouds and I stopped in my tracks. Above me was a sky full of stars, so full that it looked as though it might burst from trying hard to contain its innumerable small, glowing dots.,It was like nothing I had ever seen before, and to this day, I still wonder if it might be the most beautiful sight I have beheld. Under this same assemblage of stars, Auntie Bose began to sing, “You picked a fine time to leave me, Lucille,” the song went, and, once again, my heart was skipping beats.,It was a song that my father had sung during my childhood, as he meandered the house, walked the dog, washed the dishes. From an Irish voice to a Fijian, everything felt suddenly perfect and acutely connected. I told her, excitedly, how my dad liked that song too.,There were the stars, the song, the sound of music, laughter and conversation growing softer as we walked away. But more than this, there was a sense of inner stillness. I became aware of my feet pushing against the ground, the night air against my skin, my heart beating and my chest glowing as it rose, then fell, rose, then fell.,Soa Village holds a particularly treasured space in my heart. There are not enough Vinaka Vaka Levu’s that I could give to that small corner of the earth.,Reaching Ra Province from Nadi International Airport takes around three hours by car. The main urban center in Ra is Vaileka, more commonly referred to as Rakiraki town. Travelers should consult their accommodation provider if interested in the availability of village tours. ,Find car rental options and exclusive deals from Suva and other locations around Fiji here. Be prepared with all your travel essentials like VRBO or hotel options, local food reviews, secluded beaches and more on Travelocity and TripAdvisor.,More hotels in the area include Wananavu Beach Resort, Dua Dua Beach Resort and Dreamview Villas Rakiraki. For solo travelers or those on a budget, The Beehive and Tanoa Rakiraki Hotel both offer dormitory, hostel-style rooms at a lower price. Alternatively, there is the option to camp at Namau Camp Site.,Author Bio: Michelle Grace is a student reading politics, sociology and Spanish at Durham University, exploring the implementation of culturally relative models of teaching and learning across the globe. She is passionate about empowering women to travel solo, as well as promoting ethical and sustainable ways of seeing the world. Michelle is currently living and teaching in Santa Maria, Paraguay. ,An end-of-the-world feeling in an Arabian Nights setting.,This used to be as far as you could go. Tangier was the last stop on the ancient Mediterranean ferry line that began on the shores of Syria and Palestine and called at Rhodes, Alexandria, Rome, Libya’s Leptis Magna, Marseilles and Barcelona. Beyond here there were either dragons or you simply fell off.,It’s been some time since they took down the “There be Dragons” sign on the outskirts of this Moroccan city and replaced it with the glowing McDonald’s M, but even until relatively recently this whitewashed pearl on the northwesternmost point of Africa simmered with a slightly end-of-the-world feel. The city was an international zone where some came with the specific purpose of getting lost. Bogart went to Casablanca, but it’s clear the inspiration came from Tangier.,Years after the last drink was served in Rick’s Cafe, rock stars came looking for other ways of getting lost. Amid the haze, they ended up finding funky Gnawa musicians and taking them out on the road with them, giving the world tastes of the fusion that would become trance music. Jimi Hendrix stopped by en route to his Castle Made of Sand in Essaouira, while Beat poets came for similar reasons and ended up fixing Naked Lunches in author William S. Burrough’s haunt, the El Muniria hotel.,Hippies and hipsters might have been the most recent stars to spread their notoriety over Phoenician Tingis, but it was a local boy who first spread its name beyond the Levant. The young man saw it in completely opposite terms from those running away: as a beginning rather than an end.,A traveler who set off on a pilgrimage to Mecca that would end up being the longest ever recorded journey, that is, until the invention of the steam engine, which made camel trains and sailing ships passé. The year was 1325 and the wanderer, Ibn Battuta.,I had come to Tangier on a pilgrimage to his tomb and to see what might be left of this traveler’s spirit and how his legacy fit in with the modern-day boom town replete with skyscrapers and row upon row of new beachside construction.,At first glance, the ancient traveler seems ever present. You can step off a ferry from Spain with his name emblazoned on the side, book a flight at the numerous travel agencies that boast his name, bed down at his hotel and even get a quick shave and a haircut at his coiffeur. All of which seemed easier than finding someone who had the key to his tomb.,It used to be that the only way most travelers came to Tangier was by sea. Ibn Battuta himself once disembarked in the nearby resort town of Asilah. Ferries ply the strait of Gibraltar every other hour, moving merchandise and people in a metaphoric flow that symbolizes the place, somewhere between Europe and Africa.,Whether you took the fast ferry or the slow one, every traveler had a tale of stepping off the dock in Morocco and being met by hoards of new-found “friends” wanting to help them into a taxi, find a hotel or even discover what the rock stars were coming for, all, of course, for a price.,A few of those anecdotal new-found friends still eagerly wait for fresh prey to step slightly confused off the boats, but their numbers and past zeal have been drastically diminished by new low-cost flights with companies like easyJet, airberlin and Ryanair bringing in thousands of tourists each day from Madrid, Paris, Brussels, Milan, Vienna and Berlin.,The Moroccan authorities themselves have decided to get halfway serious about limiting the hassles that tourists visiting the city, and Morocco as a whole, face. Taking their cue from the intensely touristy beaches that lie just 20 kilometers (12 miles) north across the water in Spain and the massive revenue they represent, the government is finally getting around to reining in the infamous “faux-guides” who at times turned visits to Morocco into frustrating tri-lingual insult matches and gave travelers a completely skewed vision of genuine Moroccan hospitality.,With the arrival of the low-cost flights, boutique hotels have also sprung up out of the warren of lanes in the old city to complete the oriental weekend getaway fantasy. Beautifully refurbished “riads” offering views across the strait and authentic hammams have been added to the still present accommodations that Burroughs once knew and that older backpackers might remember from 20 and 30 years ago.,The new coats of whitewash that give the boutique hotels their Mediterranean dazzle have also been splashed over the medina, or old city. Once-crumbling old houses are being renovated behind casts of wooden scaffolding, and the kasbah, the walled fortress that surveys the bay, is getting a much needed facelift.,The real boom, however, lies outside the Thousand-and-One-Nights walls of the medina. Tangles of cranes sprout like bamboo reeds just beyond the cleaned-up white strip of beach. As the Spanish property market crashes and burns, investors are parachuting across the sea and holiday homes are springing up everywhere.,Multinational companies, fleeing the growing wages and increased environmental controls in neighboring Spain, also are setting up shop on the outskirts of the city, bringing with them an army of expat managers from Madrid, Barcelona and beyond. Ten years ago you might have been addressed in French as you entered a shop, but now the tourist lingua franca is that of Don Quixote. Gourmet restaurants have followed in their tracks and pepper the new town, delivering fusion tapas to upper crust locals and expats alike.,One thing that hasn’t changed since Matisse studied this city’s unique blue is the sheer pleasure of sitting at one of the tables back in the medina at the Cafe Tingis on the Petit Socco, drinking mint tea and watching half the world go by. Times have changed, but the cast of characters amid the Babylonian swirl of languages is still enough to infuse many a travel diary with some of the unpronounceable spices on sale at the nearby souqs.,Up the hill from the Petit Socco on the Rue Siaghine in one of the hundreds of shops selling colorful Moroccan Zellij tiles and Tagine plates I finally caught a fleeting glimpse of Battuta buried under a mountain of pointed yellow leather slippers.,Bargaining hard to get the price down to just over what I would pay for the same thing in Madrid’s La Latina, I mentioned Ibn Battuta’s Rihla to the young salesman, and his countenance suddenly softened.,“Have you actually read the book?” he asked incredulously.,“Of course, that’s one of the main reasons why I’m here, to do a traveler’s pilgrimage of sorts to his tomb.”,“My father was a language teacher and I learned to read using that book. A very special discount for you my friend.”,Just maybe Ibn Battuta’s notorious travel luck had rubbed off after all.,The Tangerine traveler might not have recognized his native city when returning to it after a quarter century of rambling back in the 14 th century, but nor would a visitor who had been here just a decade ago. Change is definitely in the air.,This once-upon-a-time, end-of-the-line stop might lose in an all out beauty contest between Marrakesh and Fez, but for what it boasts, the imperial aloofness of the others can’t touch. Faded rock star glory on a comeback tour set to Beat era poetry in an Arabian Nights setting. And if that isn’t enough, the golden locks of sandy beaches are ready comfort for those who opt for this runner-up.,If You Go,Where to Stay,A quiet place in the middle of the action seems impossible, but try The Tangerina and see for yourself.,19, Riad Sultan,Kasbah,,Tangier, Morocco,latangerina.com,Phone: +212 539947731,Riad Tanja, a boutique hotel in the heart of the old city,Rue du Portugal, escaliers americans,Tangier, Morocco,Phone: +212 39333538,Getting there,Low-cost flights leave almost every major European city, making weekend getaways possible.,Information,visitmorocco.com,Malta has a lot special and truly unique adventures to offer. Read about this storied and historic destination here.,Go World Travel is reader-supported and may earn a commission from purchases made through links in this piece.,Three inhabited islands of the archipelago of Malta have supported civilization since 5900 B.C.,Located in the middle of the Mediterranean, south of Sicily, and north of Libya,  many empires, among them – Phoenicians, Carthaginians, Greeks, Romans, Arabs, French, and the British, have claimed these lands.,Each has left indelible cultural, architectural, and political marks on the terrain and its people.,A web search of “Malta” bombards the seeker with an onslaught of World Heritage Sites, ancient temples, beaches for swimming and diving, walled cities, cathedrals with naves etched in gold, remnants of 150 years of British occupation, and spoken English to boot.,So many activities are crammed into such a small landmass that it makes a traveler’s head spin.  It’s an escape to faraway places with strange-sounding names, like Willie Nelson’s tune.,My husband and I joined the frenzy on a recent visit to Malta in October 2021, during ‘the time of COVID,’ starting with activities, billed as ‘not to be missed.’,True, they are not to be missed, but I felt a lingering tug away from the bucket list.,At the UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Hagar Qim and Mingdra, where ancient free-standing temples date back to 3600 B.C., we marveled at the world’s largest 20-ton megaliths, but I winced at the row of tourist buses waiting to unload the hordes., Across from the seaside port of entry, we took the elevator up to the cliff’s mesa where flowering plants, tall palms, and comfortable benches in the High Barrakka Gardens offer a respite before entering the capital city of Valletta; but no time to relax, too much to see.,I politely pushed my way into a spot along the jammed stone retaining wall to gaze upon the beautiful Grand Harbor below.,The original 1566 city gate into the smallest national capital in the European Union opened onto pedestrian streets that swelled with crowds. Trendy shops, cafes, and restaurants, tucked into Neo-Classical and Baroque style buildings, bulged with tourists, eager to unleash their pent-up hunger for travel experiences. ,Our mission in Valletta: to visit the ornately gilded St John’s Co-Cathedral, #1 on the’ not to be missed list.’,The chivalric Order of the Knights Hospitallers of St. John had founded and protected this city over 500 years ago, and the eight-pointed Maltese-Cross emblem flag, adopted here in 1126, waved in the breeze from every light post.,At the Cathedral, the line of tourists waiting for entry streamed out the door. With an admission fee of 15 euros, and a requirement to dig out my vaccination card, I simply mouthed, “No, I’m not doing this.”,From that moment on, I threw the bucket list away and allowed the subtle secrets of Malta to sink in. ,I strolled through centuries of quaint alleyways, studied clothing styles from laundry hanging outside terrace windows, and observed which shops the locals used.,My eyes, ears, and taste buds would do the exploring.,As an alternative to the opulent Cathedral, we searched for the memorial to Maltese investigative journalist and anti-corruption activist, Daphne Caruana Galiza, who was assassinated by a car bomb on October 16, 2017. ,At the Great Siege Monument, across from the Law Courts of Valletta, I spied her picture on a simple, commemorative altar.,Through her blog, Running Commentary, and extensive reporting in the Sunday Times of Malta, Daphne single-handedly exposed government corruption, money laundering schemes by organized crime, bribery of top officials, and the Panama Papers Scandal. ,Every country has its dirty secrets. Daphne Galiza revealed many of Malta’s by exposing unethical politicians.,Daily death threats, her house set on fire, and finally her murder silenced this brave woman’s words and the truth. That same government declared a National Day of Mourning on the date of her funeral. ,At a local bakery, we grabbed two, ‘must-have’ Maltese pastizzos, which turned out to be rich, flaky croissants filled with repulsive puréed peas. We shared the open space of St. George’s Square with locals who munched on identical pastries.,They licked their lips with each bite and contentedly swooned as if these were the most delicious late morning snack. It has to be an acquired taste, I decided, like scotch, and it has to be British.,Two ancient, pedestrian-only, walled neighborhoods across the harbor from Valletta captured the feeling of a virtual history lesson. ,My favorite, Mdina, the old capital of Malta, today is a well-preserved, impeccably maintained medieval town with a thousand years of stories to tell but only 300 current residents.,Known as the ‘Silent City,’ I tried to imagine the chaos that intruded on its quiet winding alleys when film crews arrived to shoot scenes for The Game of Thrones, Gladiator, and Troy.,The other, Vittoriosa, one of the Three Cities enclosed within the largest walled fortification is much bigger than Mdina, older than Valletta, and served as the original location that the Knights of St. John selected to govern the island.,The city also overcame the attempted invasion of the Ottoman Turks in 1565 during the Great Siege of Malta.  ,In both of these neighborhoods, unique architectural enhancements to the drab limestone buildings made the doorways, windows, and balconies pop with color and imagination.,I couldn’t believe how fascinated I became with the history behind elaborate door knockers, latticed half-gates, rounded window grills, and enclosed wooden balconies.,Wandering through each town’s center, we found beautifully decorated narrow streets and architectural gems.,Distinctive door knockers, called il-habbata in Maltese, remain an iconic feature of residential front doors.,Two identical door knockers, cast in bronze or brass, and positioned on opposite sides of colorfully painted, double wooden doors made each entryway a work of art.,The size of the knocker plus the elegant motifs of lion’s heads, women, nautical themes, or family crests symbolizes the homeowner’s social status and wealth.  ,In front of each door, a latticed wrought-iron half-gate with intricate cut-out designs compliments the striking entrance.,This additional partial barrier allows the main door to remain open so light and cool breezes can flow through. In ancient times, these gates were installed to prevent goats from entering.,Milkmen of yore used to meander through the alleys with their herd of goats, milking one on the spot to fill the order of the home’s mistress.,The architectural addition of an enclosed, wooden second-floor balcony with either glass or mesh panes and fronting the street is considered a national symbol of Malta.,The gallarya, which evolved during the occupation by the Arabs, had been introduced to provide Muslim women discretion when sitting on the terrace, without being viewed by passersby.,Now this architecturally rich adornment remains a ‘must have’ for any homeowner.,Second-floor full-length windows with bulging curved wrought-iron grills mounted to protect the openings are known as ‘pregnant’ guards. There are ‘9-month, 6-month, even ‘ready to have twins’ grills depending on the degree of bulge at the bottom of the rounded area.,Ancient invaders used to hide beneath open windows and grab the feet of residents who stood in the openings, and drag the victims off to use them as slaves.,The grills provided protection for residents from this fate and later became a regular window security feature.,I longed to do one more thing before leaving Malta. We had circumvented the Grand Harbor for days but had not boated across it. As if the Gods were listening, as we exited Vittoriosa at the waterfront, a captain and his traditional water-taxi seemed to be waiting for us.,Originating in the 17th Century, this type of boat, called a dghaysa in Maltese and cousin to the Venetian gondola has traded in oars for a small outboard motor.,But no matter, the thrill of seeing Valletta from the Grand Harbor, of passing by the ancient towns we had visited, of waving to boaters moored in the marina, with a brisk Mediterranean breeze blowing through my hair, I loved it.  ,On our last evening, the hotel’s concierge advised, “You must have dinner on the waterfront.” We passed a quaint and cozy English Pub just one block away but continued walking down to the harbor.,There, every restaurant was noisy and crowded with half-hour wait times. We headed back up the hill to the Salisbury Pub, a friendly place, filling up with locals.,A plate of crispy fish n’ chips, a pint of Maltese craft beer, and laughter coming from the booths brought back comfortable memories of pubbing in London and relief that we had rejected one last ‘must do’ in Malta. ,Start planning your unique vacation to Malta today. Get prepared with knowledge on how to get around, hotel and VRBO options, local restaurant reviews and more through TripAdvisor and Travelocity.,Plan more unique fun by book activities in Malta, expert-led tours and skip-the-line tickets through GetYourGuide. Find more information and book your dates in advance here.,Read about other exciting destinations in our articles below:,Author Bio: Carol L. Bowman